# Meeting with Plotter\_ Kelsey

**Meeting Date:** 9th Feb, 2026 - 9:30 AM

---

**Chris Andrade** _[00:00]_: It. All right, thank you.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[00:37]_: So is that request still open?
**Chris Andrade** _[00:38]_: And go ahead. What's up? What happened to the request for the guy from Imagine? This is no longer a request. Well, I need this one. 696-0994. His name is Phil. I'm just gonna call. I need to know the address of where it's going, and I'm going to send a PO to CVS address. I sent him a quote. Let ask him if you got it. Hey, Phil, it's Kelsey. Hey, what's going on? Oh, it's going good. I just spoke to my tech that I work with, and he knows all about that SKU built error and how to reset it and how to adjust it to get it to run straight, because he's ran one of those for the last, like, five, six years. And so.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:49]_: So I don't know exactly what it's going to take to get it right, but we got to go over there and evaluate it. We might be able to fix it just on the fly because that belt is really tricky on how you align it because of the way it's held in there. But it's held in, like, one corner by a spring. And you can adjust that spring up, down, left, right. And it's like the opposite way that you think it is to adjust it. If you don't have experience with it, you can just. You'll never get. You'll never figure it out. Oh, yeah, okay. And I was. I was curious where they're located because I need to. I need to coordinate with him on the schedule and stuff because I gotta meet up with him over there or at this place.
**Chris Andrade** _[02:27]_: Yeah, I'm assuming that's what you want to do, because once you. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we have to. We have to go to the place where it's at, because once you move it, sometimes if you don't move it right, you got to do adjustments to it again. Okay. And if it's not sitting level, like there's, you know, there's a process that you have to start, you know, and then you walk through it. And since it just got moved, we got to make sure we get it to the right place before we start making adjustments. Even if you move it gets messed up or it. 335 East Warner, bro. Of course they are. I need to coordinate with him and my schedule to see if we can get out there maybe tomorrow or the next day.
**Chris Andrade** _[03:17]_: But I. I need to find out what my schedule looks like for tomorrow, too, because I got a bunch of stuff I Gotta do. You guys just sold this or what? Yeah, yeah, we did. Okay. Yeah, we can, we can get it to work, man. Like, this guy's. He, he should be working for kids. It's one of my long term business relationships. I've known these guys for like the last 20 years. We work together. So. Yeah, any kind of problem you have with the printer, man, I know somebody that can help fix it if it's a big one, if I can't do it myself. I mean, I'm like a jack of all trades, but I don't. I know a little bit about everything.
**Chris Andrade** _[04:00]_: And that's what I do every day is I go out there and like 90 of the stuff I can just get done right then. And some of the stuff I gotta get parts and sometimes it's over my head and just depends on what it is. It could be a UV flatbed printer, like a 4 by 8 footer. It could be anything. But I've got 25 years worth of wide format relationships in the Valley that I've been working with. Or if you ever have any questions, you know, before you get into that, I've been doing a lot of stuff with the page wise lately, man. Those things are legit, the hp, page wise. Oh, yeah. And I've got a bunch of connections to get them refurbished too. And those things are. Those are workhorses, man.
**Chris Andrade** _[04:37]_: I own, I own two of them myself just for some of the printing I do for my local contractors and stuff over here in the West Valley. So you got the address? I'm gonna reach out to my guy and then. Do we have your cell phone? Is this your cell phone or what number is this? Oh, great. I'm gonna do. I'm gonna start texting you through my CRM. That way we can have a communication there and my secretary can know what's going on. Okay, I'll have her shoot you over a text from that number. It's gonna look different than this one. Just don't worry about this phone number I called from. That's my personal cell and I'm in a hurry. Normally I call from a different line, but it's. It's easier when I'm in a hurry to talk to my personal one.
**Chris Andrade** _[05:16]_: But she's going to send you a message and then anything you send there, it goes to all of us and we can reach out for anything there. Okay? Okay. All right, that'll work. All right, thanks, man. Thanks. You wanna. You fine. Hey, Alyssa, come on. I had to put onto the wrong address And I can't edit it, so I have to remake it under the correct address. And it's just another location under Imagine Technologies. Because, yeah, I know I have it another location, but I have to put the code under that address or else it's going to show up under the other address they have the next time. If we ever look it up again, we're going to see the wrong address. I lost this thing twice. I lost Fluffy. This flies right off. I. I found it last time using the.
**Chris Andrade** _[06:31]_: Using the brain. I was at my house, flew off and I was like, where the is this thing at? You know? So I went over my house with the receiver and I got pulled up my driveway and it came online. I was like, oh, it's at the house somewhere. I went in the backyard and it was laying in the grass. I. It just flipped off me. Really? I've never had that issue like three or four times already.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[06:48]_: Did you lose them?
**Chris Andrade** _[06:50]_: Not yet, No. I quit using them because they kept flying off me. I bought a neck. Are you okay? Yeah. And it's like hangs on my neck, so it seemed a little bit better. Where is that at? It's in the package. Okay.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[06:59]_: I saw that.
**Chris Andrade** _[07:00]_: It saw the.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[07:00]_: The box in the office next door.
**Chris Andrade** _[07:02]_: Yeah. The actual pieces. I don't even know. So I. And just so you know, we have a game plan. I have. We have to. Some things to go over. I just need three questions. Well, mainly two questions, but it's going to take us about 45 minutes. We got to go next door and do it. Oh, yeah. When, when you're ready. Yeah, let me just. Let me just. Yeah, it looks like you got a couple finalizations. If we could just do this for today and then that'd be huge.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[07:33]_: And I want to get. Go through your. What you want to do with that.
**Chris Andrade** _[07:38]_: Back room over there? I'm gonna do the stickers. I have a delivery and I have a service call.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[07:45]_: Was it.
**Chris Andrade** _[07:46]_: Was it okay? Hey, I don't understand your text about the Zelpa. Do you want me to just tell her? No, there should be like a number. It's like start. It's got like a bunch of weird characters on it. Like if I. If I log in and chase. Yeah, like on the zell. I think it's on your zell up. You should see it. Okay, let me go find it real quick. I'll say. I'll screenshot you. Yeah. Hey, Joe. Unload my truck. Unload my car. You got the candy, the drinks and stuff out of there? Where'd you put it? All right, you're gonna take the truck and go get your car, right? Yeah, yeah, that's good. Hang on. Send money with Zell. Transfer C activity. Anything else, Joe? Money. Okay. L4 laser. Yeah, I got it right here. It's like pound 25972.
**Chris Andrade** _[08:45]_: Would it look like that or is it. No, no, it's usually got weird characters. There's a transaction number. 279-826-87524. Yeah, I got that number. Does anybody know how to use Zelle here. Yeah. All right. I don't know. I. It might be right in front of my face and I just can't see it.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[09:17]_: You need a.
**Chris Andrade** _[09:17]_: You're trying to send money? Well, no, she's trying to get some information about this transaction, but I don't see it. There's. Watch that media. So there's like a weird code that she's looking for, but I don't see it. There's your invoice number. Yeah, transaction number. And then the sender's email. Got it. I, I, I don't know, Megan. Is it. Do I have to log on to a computer? Because I don't know. I don't know how. Let me check the QuickBooks and then I'll use that transaction. There's also a payment that came in from L4 laser for $900 and simply the best auto util for 100. Okay, so we need, I need those transaction numbers, too, so we can mark those paid. Do you have UCWS on February 5th? I don't think so. Let me check. One second. I handled ucw.
**Chris Andrade** _[10:21]_: That should be all paid up here. I'm gonna just hand the phone to a list. No, I think I hung up with him. I hope, because this is saying that apparently you're still in Poland's progress, so I don't think you hung up on him.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[10:39]_: Yeah.
**Chris Andrade** _[10:39]_: Oh, I was on hold and I was waiting for him to come to the phone. I forgot about it, so whatever. Well, it's still. Anyways, don't worry about it. Just take this information here. Megan, can you talk to Alyssa? Here, look. These are the transaction numbers you guys need. Can you take these down and deal with her? There's the weird letter right there. This transaction number has a bunch of crazy digits all over from Simply the Best. Normally you're supposed to get those in the accounting. The junk usually shows up. Don't know why. Oh, yeah, it's all in the junk folder. Well, tell it's not junk and go to the junk folder. Scroll to the bottom. You'll start seeing results. They have all the accounting number and post. Do you know how to log into the accounting email? Megan, you should have.
**Chris Andrade** _[11:31]_: Okay, junk holder. Just call me on your phone. Alyssa. Okay. Just want to make sure these link made. Thank you. Well, it's okay. Can you just email Vincent the address of where this is located? Well, let's wait a little bit until I figure out what my schedule looks like for tomorrow because I don't really know what's going on yet. Figure out if you still have on hold first. I don't know how to tell. No. Okay, so I don't know why this is saying I don't know. I'm gonna. I'm gonna help Joe get out of here really quick. What does he need? Is there anything that Joe needs to do besides cs? It's right there at the end of the table. He's doing that today? I don't know if he is. He should be ces. Oh, calculate. Oh, yeah, sorry. Got. Where am I?
**Chris Andrade** _[12:34]_: What am I doing? We're going to go through this whole stuff inventory. Alyssa, when's that power supply going to get here from arc? Yeah, I'll give it a few more days. Yeah, you gotta figure out how to make that happen faster. Man. ARC imaging has some kind of weird thing where they order things at the end of the day. Sometimes it takes an extra day and then it's like two days for shipping, so it's probably not going to be here. So. All right. That trash bin needs the power supply installed in it. Sorry, I haven't gone through the trunk folder yet. Yes, I already put that on there. I check. Keep a few drinks in here. So got. If you drink all of them. Put some more in there so there's not like.
**Chris Andrade** _[14:02]_: Hey Joe, when you get to my house, can you block the school in there? He only owes 900 local lizards. Did you guys piss on my printer? You're looking at which one? Are you guys fixing my printer? Oh, transaction number. Well, here's the problem with that. I only see these transaction numbers that are dropping. I have no idea what this other transaction is, so I. I've only been marking it based off of these. Email. It. So that little red thing is cutting in there. Just go over there and drop that offer. Just go over there and install it. But yeah. Oh, I think of this one. Chase check deposit. A series of received balances. So it's gotta be it. Hey, No, that is not what I am seeing. Okay? Chase operated. This update Button that has the circly arrows.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[20:19]_: How's it going? Good.
**Chris Andrade** _[20:23]_: It is really hard to lock Kelsey down.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[20:26]_: I just need 30. I'm gonna try to go quick, man. I just need 30. Maybe.
**Chris Andrade** _[20:32]_: He'S just. His phone rings. It's like, damn, you got to take.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[20:38]_: His phone away, bro. I know.
**Chris Andrade** _[20:40]_: Seriously.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[20:47]_: Out there, so bright. It's like 86 degrees today, bro.
**Chris Andrade** _[20:52]_: We're breaking records.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[20:54]_: I got 29 degrees on a switch, dude. 100, dude.
**Chris Andrade** _[20:58]_: It don't feel like winter dog. It sucks.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:02]_: Crazy, dude.
**Chris Andrade** _[21:06]_: 86 degrees. So we. Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:08]_: Did you see that message?
**Chris Andrade** _[21:09]_: So removed. He's making me work, bro.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:12]_: I'm moving all this. I'm gonna come over here. We're putting it into here. This is his new storage area.
**Chris Andrade** _[21:23]_: Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:24]_: So now and then, this is where all the inventory is going to get placed. Nice. So they're setting up a whole new space. They're spinning up.
**Chris Andrade** _[21:32]_: Yeah, bro. Yeah. So you guys, now we got this set up.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:38]_: That's where Andrew's gonna come in and just go kill it.
**Chris Andrade** _[21:41]_: Eh, well, Andrew's gonna stay in California, so he's removed.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:45]_: This is.
**Chris Andrade** _[21:45]_: I gave.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:46]_: We're giving.
**Chris Andrade** _[21:46]_: Cow. I gave. I need a place for Kelsey to close off.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:50]_: Nice.
**Chris Andrade** _[21:51]_: Come in here and just go get. Get locked in for a second.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[21:56]_: So he's completely away from the other.
**Chris Andrade** _[22:00]_: Office.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[22:02]_: Which is a huge win. I'm trying to get him cornered in here, but he didn't look at him. He said he's talking to a client right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[22:10]_: I never updated the firmware or did anything like that, but we can try his own, bro.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[22:13]_: I love it. I'm trying to get like him.
**Chris Andrade** _[22:16]_: I know, right?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[22:18]_: Dude, I like the setup, though. That warehouse. It's my first time seeing it. Oh, yeah.
**Chris Andrade** _[22:22]_: So this is the.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[22:23]_: So this is one. This is their showroom. So all of this printers that we'll have like here.
**Chris Andrade** _[22:36]_: So all this is being moved into the storage room. Nice. And then. Then you have this guy.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[22:55]_: Very nice.
**Chris Andrade** _[22:58]_: Love it.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[23:07]_: And now the. Now that.
**Chris Andrade** _[23:09]_: These are. These are the big dogs.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[23:11]_: Joe's operating a cutter right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[23:12]_: I was taking some video of his cutter.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[23:15]_: Hey, this is a cutter. I've never seen one operate before, so.
**Chris Andrade** _[23:20]_: Got to see him set this document up.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[23:28]_: Oh, that's a big boy.
**Chris Andrade** _[23:31]_: Yes, that's the. That's the big dog here. This is the big dog. And that rug.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[23:41]_: That is crazy. What's up, Joe?
**Chris Andrade** _[23:44]_: Hello.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[23:45]_: How's it going?
**Chris Andrade** _[23:46]_: Pretty good.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[23:48]_: He's doing your magic. He's doing his magic, man.
**Chris Andrade** _[23:51]_: Yeah, he's got Me to print out a bunch of these. Wow. Yeah, there's a lot happening today.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[24:04]_: Mondays.
**Chris Andrade** _[24:06]_: Yeah, Mondays early. Excuse me, dogs. Excuse me, dogs.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[24:10]_: Excuse me, dog mistake. What kind of dogs?
**Chris Andrade** _[24:13]_: They got two pugs and one little white dog. Like a little.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[24:20]_: Very nice.
**Chris Andrade** _[24:22]_: Yeah. So that. That's where that custom. That custom detailer that's right here.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[24:31]_: That for west coast customs. Very nice.
**Chris Andrade** _[24:39]_: You are, bro. You are. You are gonna. I'll hook you up whatever we want because we have nothing to lose. But I still got.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[24:46]_: I'm trying to find.
**Chris Andrade** _[24:47]_: Get my.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[24:48]_: I'm bringing all my hotel contacts back and we're like. Because they. They give it. That's the one thing I miss about.
**Chris Andrade** _[24:55]_: The hotel is like the discounts we would get. Like, we would be able to stay.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[24:59]_: At a five star resort and only.
**Chris Andrade** _[25:01]_: Pay 60 bucks a night. Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[25:04]_: So a room.
**Chris Andrade** _[25:06]_: I might have to hit you up.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[25:07]_: Before I go on my next vacation.
**Chris Andrade** _[25:09]_: Well, I don't. I, That's.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[25:10]_: I don't have those anymore.
**Chris Andrade** _[25:12]_: Yeah, I'm trying to find my friends who do, though.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[25:15]_: One of the benefits of working at the hotel is you get fat discounts.
**Chris Andrade** _[25:19]_: Yeah. I mean, went and stayed at a 5 star hotel in Mexico after I graduated for like 16 days. It was only like 40 bucks a month.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[25:32]_: In a hotel.
**Chris Andrade** _[25:33]_: Yeah, it was wild, dude. It was wild. Yeah, he's.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[25:38]_: He is with a client right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[25:40]_: That they brought him in on a consultation with a third party vendor diagnosing this printer. So.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[25:58]_: No, this client called him in as a. To consult with the manufacturer of the printer.
**Chris Andrade** _[26:06]_: So.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:09]_: This is what I was telling.
**Chris Andrade** _[26:10]_: Matthew is we need to figure out.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:13]_: How to turn him.
**Chris Andrade** _[26:14]_: Like, there's the service side.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:19]_: There needs to be a consultation side.
**Chris Andrade** _[26:21]_: Exactly.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:22]_: That's where Kelsey's energy should be. Like separate the two, you know?
**Chris Andrade** _[26:28]_: Well, and it's funny is I was listening because I've been with him all.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:32]_: Morning just hearing his phone and how he's talking.
**Chris Andrade** _[26:35]_: He already does it.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:37]_: He already said he already told the.
**Chris Andrade** _[26:38]_: Client, like, yeah, we're gonna have to go there and look at it and consult and see what's going on. But if we. We can fix it right then and there.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:44]_: Because it was talking about this adjustment on the.
**Chris Andrade** _[26:47]_: The belt.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:49]_: We can fix it then. We will.
**Chris Andrade** _[26:50]_: But I'll have to go assess the situation first.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[26:56]_: I just got a crazy idea. Two things before I forget. One, you have. You're catching content, right? From like drips. Okay. I need that asap.
**Chris Andrade** _[27:07]_: Catching what?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[27:08]_: Like, content. Like, are you just capturing content of like you. Your trips out there or just in general of Kelsey and like the team and stuff like that. Yeah, so I try to wear this all the time. And then I had. When I was talking, I had my.
**Chris Andrade** _[27:21]_: Fireflies and recording too.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[27:23]_: Okay, do you have any, like, videos? Like regular. Just regular phone videos or anything? Oh, no, but I can get right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[27:31]_: Listen. Okay, no, wait, wait.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[27:33]_: Let me tell you the second thing. Okay, so like, that's one thing. Just videos of just like that we can get edited together. They can be super random. Just capture everyone in their element almost. And then number two, on your drive back, if you have time later, call me and Matthew because what we. What you and me need to do is sync up on priorities for the leads, you know, and just scheduling those out. We have a few calls that we want to get locked in this week. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's it. But just whenever Kelsey is. I have like an hour right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[28:03]_: Yeah, let me.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[28:04]_: Let me go grab my camera real quick while he's filming. Let me grab some camera.
**Chris Andrade** _[28:11]_: Call somebody else. Nothing in the main menus about this that I saw, so. But I know how you're full. You're talking about. Yeah, please. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, he's got the print head. Yeah, he's got the print head. It's ready to go in the machine. I mean, I got a brand new purging unit on it or the. The sucker thing and it's. Yeah, no, I mean, I can walk. They'd be willing to try it over the phone. I just don't want to. I don't want to. I just can't figure out where he's at. I haven't talked to him since I was over last week, but if he wasn't working, he would have told me by now. So he's limping along.
**Chris Andrade** _[29:11]_: But a lot of times when the purge units, when the purge unit's compromised and old and you have a compromised head and you put a brand new sucker on it blows the head up like within a week or two because it's got so much suction when it goes to clean it, you know? So. Yeah, please. Thank you, guys, man. I really appreciate you reaching out to me. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Cool. We'll do that right now. Thank you. Here we go. Okay. Yeah, thank you. I'll be looking for your. Your text, Jake. Okay, thank you. Later. Bye. Okay, before you get distracted, let's go into our new setup.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[29:59]_: Let's come over here.
**Chris Andrade** _[30:01]_: You need to do something right now. Do you have a second no, I'm good. I'm okay. Yeah, you don't have to talk. Well, you do kind of have to talk, but it'll be more of a.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[30:13]_: A fun.
**Chris Andrade** _[30:19]_: Which we still gotta go over those.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[30:21]_: The inventory stuff.
**Chris Andrade** _[30:25]_: Oh, who's this? Oh, hey. What's up, man?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[30:27]_: What's up, Kelsey? How's it going?
**Chris Andrade** _[30:30]_: How are you?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[30:32]_: Appreciate you.
**Chris Andrade** _[30:33]_: Yeah, sure.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[30:34]_: Hey, I just wanted to get maybe, like, I'm gonna try to be really quick. I know you're super busy today. I just want to get, like, feedback.
**Chris Andrade** _[30:41]_: I haven't got any time to really talk to you or hang out, so. I know, dude. I know.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[30:44]_: That's all we have to, like, we have to connect, you know?
**Chris Andrade** _[30:47]_: Yeah, we gotta. We gotta, like, start chatting on the side a little bit here.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[30:51]_: Yeah, I just wanted to get some feedback.
**Chris Andrade** _[30:53]_: I know.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[30:53]_: More like on the sales and operation side. I like to, like, just pass it off. I know you're very close to Chris, Matthew and Trent. I just try to stay out the way, you know, if I'm not being useful, I just want to, you know.
**Chris Andrade** _[31:03]_: Yeah, yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[31:05]_: But I just wanted to get some feedback on kind of like, you know, our phase one and kind of get some data points for phase two and kind of understand, like, you know, like, what you're thinking just like, now that you've seen us, like, how we work and stuff and kind of like your vision for the future. And I want to just make sure we're staying aligned as we prepare for these next phases, you know, So I just have, like a series of questions. 30 minutes probably. I just want to bang them all out. You can get as in depth or as shallow as you want. I'm going to prompt you. And then we just have a combo, honestly. So just like, what are your thoughts just overall on how close working for your default phone?
**Chris Andrade** _[31:45]_: I think Quo's really good. I just, like, when I get busy, like, stressed out, like, there's some. There's some bugs in it, you know, like, you can make Quobe your default, but, like, right now it's not my default. And if I go into my settings of my phone and I go to apps and I go to phone, there's a place where you can set the default and it keeps defaulting to Facebook FaceTime, so then it doesn't go to Quo, and then my calls don't go through there. When I'm doing the outbound stuff and the inbound stuff is working amazing, bro. Like, it's. I'm starting to trust it, you know, like, when I Take a call. Because I get calls all day long about stuff that needs to happen, and it's like, this shit's being recorded.
**Chris Andrade** _[32:27]_: I tell them, you know, and it's like, tell me everything I need to know. You know, what's the address, what's your email, what's your phone number? This and that. And then Alyssa gets it. Like, literally by the time I get off the phone, within seconds, it's like, you have an opportunity, you know, a new request, and then. So it's. That part of it's amazing. But what's not amazing about it is the second phone call I make to them or they call me back again, and we have that opportunity open. We don't really. Nobody else knows what's happening. It just disappears. And unless I call Alyssa and tell her, hey, like the other day, I had Brad. The guy just dropped a copier up. He called me in the morning.
**Chris Andrade** _[33:01]_: He's like, kelsey, I need it you to come over here and hook my new printer up to my new office space. And I was like, cool, I'll send Joe over there. Yada, yada, yay, done. And then he calls me back, like, five minutes later, and he's like, hey, Kelsey, I want to buy a new plotter and this and that. I said, no problem. I got a 650. I could bring it over there, drop it off. I said, I got some better ones. But he's like. I said, they're a little bit more money. He's like, no, that one sounds perfect. Well, that just went right into the notes of the existing job.
**Chris Andrade** _[33:26]_: And nobody would have known anything about it if I didn't call Alyssa and tell her, hey, I just had another conversation, and I need you to make a separate job for the printer install. Because.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[33:38]_: Because it's getting tied into the same customer, but not the same job. Essentially not. So you need a different job, right.
**Chris Andrade** _[33:44]_: Into the same job, which. It's a different job now. Like, we got the. You know, load the driver on a plotter and then buy a new printer and then buy a copier. So we got three different opportunities at the same time, kind of. You know, we closed out the. The plotter one. So that's done. The service one's done. And then he called me over the weekend, or I think he just texted about a copier, and he's. I'm like, dude, I got one sitting at my. In my garage right now that smokes that thing that you sent me. He showed me some. He went online, found some copier people, and it's almost like he didn't trust me or something. Like he's like, I could do my own research and stuff.
**Chris Andrade** _[34:16]_: I'm like, dude, this, the one I have is twice as fast as the one you have.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[34:20]_: Yeah. So just some intricacies on the use cases and workflows from quota job so that we'll make sure we touch up on that and I'll get that to Trent and Matthew.
**Chris Andrade** _[34:33]_: But it's good. It's just me like using it, you know, like, because I'm getting lost. I'm getting lost. It takes time.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[34:39]_: Like it takes time to get the workflow correctly and also understand the tool that we're using, you know, even us, like, we have some adoption, you know, that we need to go through and it's just making those small adjustments and tweaks to get the best use case from it, you know. But.
**Chris Andrade** _[34:54]_: And what I've been doing, like at the end of the day, I've been going through all the calls and just completing them, you know, like, this has been handled. Has been handled. So when I started this morning, I had a fresh slate, but I've just been running around like a chicken with.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[35:06]_: My head cut off.
**Chris Andrade** _[35:07]_: And I got on like, I'll make a phone call and then I can't figure out where I made the call from. You know, it's like that. I make it on my personal number and I'm like looking through the call log and then I go to mine and it's like, well, did that come in from my 602722 or did it come from the 602, 606.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[35:22]_: Are you using one device?
**Chris Andrade** _[35:24]_: Yeah, but it has all three lines on it, so. Got it. When they come in, they all hit the same voicemail. So if they call the main office number and they do have one for service, it still gets it comes in on that number and it stores it there. And then the other challenge is that the quo contacts we do have is just a bunch of gibberish of all the contacts I've added over the years from different places. And sometimes people left. So like their office number is like Jim latex 300 Chandler or something like that, you know. So then Jim left. Now it's Mary. And like when Mary calls, I'm looking through my call log for Mary, but his name is Jim and it's a different company.
**Chris Andrade** _[35:59]_: And like that contact, it's my fault because my cell phone contacts, there's like 15,000 in there and I can't keep track of it.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[36:07]_: So.
**Chris Andrade** _[36:07]_: Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[36:08]_: So maybe a way to sort the data in your. In your contact list as well. Right.
**Chris Andrade** _[36:13]_: Well, maybe a way to make it so that all the contact information is the same. You know, just. I don't know what that looks like, but I've got, you know, jobbers. Jobbers. Like, I have this thing called Capsule, which is my old CRM I was using before, and that's like the Bible. Like, that's got all my stuff, all my passwords, all the stuff that I collected, what type of machine. This guy has all my notes from the past until went to Jobber, like, a year or so ago. So I just have one license of that. But so it's got different information. It synchronizes the QuickBooks, and QuickBooks synchronizes the Jobber. So there's some sort of a thing going on there that's okay, but that doesn't have nothing to do with my Outlook.
**Chris Andrade** _[36:52]_: And so Outlook is all messed up from just 15 years of just not knowing what's going on, you know? Okay.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[36:59]_: So I'm hearing a few different things. I heard the routing of the calls to. To specific jobs in Quo and. Or in Jobber, and then as well as the data integration from your Capsule CRM to your contacts, and then that feeding into Jobber. Any. Any other frustrations?
**Chris Andrade** _[37:19]_: Well, I just. I don't. I'm not frustrated. I'm glad that it's happening, I guess, because Alyssa can sift through it. But, like, everybody has my old number. So, like, when I get a random phone call from a friend or a family, it makes a job out of it, and I'm like, I got a new number. You know, But I'm like, I'm trying not to give out my new number to customers, but I end up. When I get. When I get all flustered, that. And then this thing won't, you know, Quo won't remain my default call. Like, it's like I go, call, and then it starts ringing. I'm like, oh, shit, that's on my regular cell phone. So now that doesn't help. Alyssa.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[37:49]_: Yeah, got it. So I should. I probably should have led with this. And before I got you talking about what you didn't like. But what do you like? And what's. What do you. What do you consider, like, the biggest win from our implementation?
**Chris Andrade** _[38:02]_: Well, I mean, the biggest win is that you guys are the ones that directed me to the program Quo, which I didn't know anything about, and in getting that in there and recording all my conversations, you know, so Alyssa can, you know, dictate it out. You know, she can go back and listen to it, but some of my conversations are lengthy, you know, 20 minute long conversation. So for her to find what it's working for, that. It seems like there should be somewhere that you can, like, quickly jump to that part of the. Of the recording from the dictation or something, or it might tell you the minutes and you can just fast forward. I'm not sitting at a desk, so I don't know. So. But I like that.
**Chris Andrade** _[38:38]_: I like the fact that it's capturing all that information and attaching it in a job or automatically. Like, because, you know, before I never knew how that got in there. Like, I would, you know, Now I know that this started with this conversation, you know, and I can imagine down the road it's going to be like, this one started with a Facebook marketplace lead, and this one started with a. And this one came from our service and supplies email address. And then it just. But getting it in there, I love the fact that it's putting it in there because then it forces us to do something with it. And otherwise it's just me saying, hey, Joe, you make a job out of this. And he's like, yeah, I'll do that later. I'm like, no, do it right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[39:13]_: You know, and it's like, I love Kelsey.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[39:15]_: I love how you're connecting the dots and you're seeing the opportunity. And that's just like an engineering process, right? The first step is capturing the data. And then right now we're gonna. This second phase, we're really gonna focus on sifting through and making it valuable not only for you as like, you're triggering the automation, right? Like, it's coming from your phone calls, but as well as Alyssa. And, like, we're. We're gonna compare the two interviews and make sure that you guys are in sync and the system's doing what it's supposed to do, you know? But yeah, like these, like, for where we're at right now, I would say, like, has it saved you time and where has it saved you that time? I know it saved the list of some time for. For sure, you know.
**Chris Andrade** _[39:50]_: Well, I think that we're capturing more opportunities and the timing, the timeliness of it is, like, impeccable. Because, like, I'm literally, like, for some. Well, I. I know what the reason is, but, like, my stuff is blowing up right now, man. I've got, like, other companies feeding me leads. I've got my Old company that I used to own failing, and they're just pissing all their customers off, so they're finding me on Google. And like, I gotta. I've got a lot of work coming in, but a lot of days I spend just rocking around in circles trying to figure out, like, what I'm supposed to do, you know, because I get confused in the morning when I get bombarded with a whole bunch of stuff. And then, you know, we're over here at the office trying to organize this mess.
**Chris Andrade** _[40:28]_: And like, I'm really not good with. I don't, I don't know how to organize things, but I definitely don't like this organization, you know, I mean, it's like a love. It's like a lose situation for me. I need help. I'm. My sister's coming down this weekend, I hope, and Joe's going to come and we're all going to come over here when we're not getting interrupted on Saturday and try and like lay out this warehouse and figure out how we want to put it in there so we can get that ply program going and start working with our.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[40:51]_: We're so excited for that as well, would you say? Not really. Maybe your customers have seen the change, but have you and your team noticed a change with just this phase one implementation?
**Chris Andrade** _[41:01]_: Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[41:01]_: Has it taken a little bit of load off?
**Chris Andrade** _[41:05]_: It's hard to say because I think I've gotten busier over the last, like since I met you guys. So, like volume has blown up. I mean, I looked, I was. I don't. And I don't have time to look at it, but I looked through quo and it said I made like 450 phone calls or like, I don't know, it was a bunch of calls and I was like, dude, before I was basically texting all that. So I was getting a phone call as I was driving, and then I'm getting another call right when that one's finishing and I'm like, oh, like, how am I gonna, you know, remind myself? I just had. So I'm like going back to my call log trying to remember what it was. And so like now I. That. That gives me a ton of peace, bro. Like, efficient. Your.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[41:45]_: Your efficiency's grown and your capacity has grown, right? Like, to be able to do more.
**Chris Andrade** _[41:48]_: There's. There's no way for me to dictate a 30 minute conversation to Alyssa with a text message where I'm just like jibbering jabber. And you can't even hardly make sense out of it. Yeah. And the detail. Right. Yeah. We make mistakes, and then it cost me money, you know? So, like, this is. I think this is going to make it to where there's not going to be any mistakes or as many. And if there is, we can catch it and figure out why that. Why it was before. We didn't even know what to. Where to even start. We didn't even know where the lead came from. I'm like, how does this get here? Did you put it in? Did I put it in?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[42:17]_: Where did it come from?
**Chris Andrade** _[42:19]_: Because I got stuff coming all the time, like Facebook. People are like, hey, I need some service, or, yeah, over as a text to Alyssa, basically. And so, yeah, just the workflow of it. Like, I'm. I'm confused a little bit, because I thought, I'll just use the quo numbers and I'll text those guys on quo. But there's so much going on in quo that I'm just. I'm texting my individual people to their direct cell numbers. Like, Alyssa's personal, Andrew's personal, and Joe's personal, because that way I know they got it. It's like safety net. And then I can go back and, you know, fiddle through it. But it has sparked my ambition, my. My hope for the future. Like, it's gotten me, you know, and it's got me talking to everybody. Like, I was just doing an install for this guy Brad.
**Chris Andrade** _[43:03]_: He's got a. He's doing, like, 50 million a year in steel sales. And he started his business, like, eight. Eight years ago. And just, like, three years ago when I met him, he was just in a yard. Now he's blowing up. He's got trucks everywhere. And I get the phone call, and he's running around like a chicken with his head cut off. I dropped this printer off. He's like, I need a print right now. I'm like, where's your network? It was like a great. A rat's nest of wires. Like, they just cut some of them off. He's got, like, this. He's got a. He's got a Verizon hotspot connected to two, like, things with 50 antennas on. I go, what the Is this, man? Like, is that a router or what is that? And I just disconnected everything and threw it away. And.
**Chris Andrade** _[43:40]_: And I. I took the. I went into the closet. It was dusty as. There was rat poop everywhere. I was like, with them. I'm like. And I hooked the router, but I'm like, I need a cable. I'm, like, hunting behind desk. I pulled out like a 25 footer from somewhere and I was like jiggling the desk around. It was pinched. It was crazy. I got it installed and I go to download the driver and it's like, this is going to take 30 minutes to download. I need. I'm like, you need to call Cox, bro. Like, I got to download this thing in like 30 seconds at my place. And then I could have been doing something right now. And finally I just left, but he's like, yeah, just leave, man. So that guy needs a whole bunch of. In the.
**Chris Andrade** _[44:13]_: In my copier guy that's going to go help me install it and do the emails and all that thing. He's an IT guy, too. So I'm like, Dave, like, I got a new customer for you, man. And I said to my customer, I said, bro, you need to get your together, man. Like, when you have like eight people sitting over here and you're paying them at whatever, you're paying an hour, and you guys are all running around with this crap, you're gonna hate yourself. Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[44:36]_: It's just scaling in proportion, right? I just want to feel.
**Chris Andrade** _[44:39]_: Chaos is going on. I got a phone call and I go, brad, check this out. Check this out. I'm like, yeah, okay, Kip, what. What's the model number? What's your email address? What's your phone number? I hung up the phone. I said, watch this, dude. Hang on a second.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[44:51]_: I'm telling you, man.
**Chris Andrade** _[44:53]_: And I showed it to him and he's like, whoa, dude. Like. And I. I got a whole bunch of people for you guys to do this to, man. Like, everywhere I go, like, I'm gonna give it.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[45:02]_: I'm a salesman, Honestly. We just need name, phone number, email, and we'll tell them Kelsey sent this and we'll. We'll take it out. You know, we'll take care of them. I just.
**Chris Andrade** _[45:11]_: Yeah, so, yeah, really quick, Kelsey, I.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[45:14]_: Just want to ask two questions to fill the gaps. I know that we. I know, I know you mentioned some things that would make the quo better. Is there anything else?
**Chris Andrade** _[45:23]_: Well, just. Just. I just need to slow down and use it better and just get more comfortable in it. Like, I. I am getting more comfortable. Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[45:32]_: It takes time to.
**Chris Andrade** _[45:34]_: How to use it. I'm noticing that most of the inbound calls are coming into my cell phone line, not the office line, because that's the one I've got plucked all over the place with my stickers all over it. I. I did That a long time ago because I had a guy that worked for me that I didn't want answering the phone. Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[45:51]_: So maybe we could. We could maybe figure something out for that. Is there anything that you expected that. That expected that didn't happen?
**Chris Andrade** _[46:01]_: No. I mean, I think other people probably expected something more, but me, I'm. I am so happy that I'm at where I'm at and that if I have a question, you guys actually have answers and solutions, you know, like this Trent, you know that and I. That's another thing. Like that whisper thing he told me about that blows away Siri. But I'm. I'm too fast to where and it's got a little bit of a usability issue where it wants to run in the background. So then I. And then my phone is like just going to sleep, like mid conversation, and then I'm like, what the fuck? And I'm. And I wake it back up and it's still recording me and then it's putting it in there.
**Chris Andrade** _[46:36]_: But then like the next time it puts that conversation along with the other one because it was running the whole time. And so, like, I don't really have. I can't really say what's wrong with it. Cause I don't know, maybe some more training.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[46:47]_: Maybe some more training and like SOPs on it or just like how to use it correctly to get the best results maybe.
**Chris Andrade** _[46:54]_: And I'm not using it right now because Trent's like, dude, you can't introduce too much technology at once. So I'm just like dictating messages to Siri and just trying to talk more clearly.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[47:03]_: Yes. You definitely don't want to overload yourself and then get in a place where you're just over it and sick. You want to like, implement it in a smart way, you know. Well, we'll take care of you, man. Like, that's why we're here. That's why you hired us. You know, I want to get into like just operations and some data and just collect some time points. What I'm going to do is just go really quick. How many hours do you work on average a week?
**Chris Andrade** _[47:26]_: I mean, I wake up at about 4 o' clock in the morning, 5 o', clock, and then I try to do Bible study for a little while before I start to do it. But I'm, you know, I'm working all the time when I wake up. Like I'm. I know how it is.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[47:38]_: As a business owner.
**Chris Andrade** _[47:41]_: I sold a copier while I was laying in bed to this Dude, Saturday night. I think it's safe to say. I think we're at 70 hours week. Yeah. I mean I'm putting in a lot right now which I'm okay doing. I knew I was gonna have to do this. Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[47:55]_: 100. What I want to do right now is just get these metrics so that when we do like get. I just want to know how much of your time is being dedicated to what area, you know, so that when we do like release some pressure off of it, we know exactly like how we've helped you know.
**Chris Andrade** _[48:10]_: So I'm basically working 40 hours a week. But, but I'm, I'm confused for the other 30.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[48:17]_: I got you bro. I'm right there with you. Like half of the battle as a business owner is understanding what you need to do and when like that's kind.
**Chris Andrade** _[48:25]_: Of like the biggest thing. Right?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[48:26]_: So it's. I feel you on that.
**Chris Andrade** _[48:28]_: That's.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[48:29]_: That's why I let AI do it. Honestly. AI is non biased. It's going to tell me when I'm wrong. It's going to be like, you should be doing this right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[48:35]_: You know. Well Andrew, that guy, Andrew, that's helped me out of California, like, man, I can't believe that guy came into my life. This guy's so well connected and he just handles things man. Like I don't have to. I mean he's learning my industry right now. So he's kind of needy. But once I tell him something once and he understands it, like that's it bro. Like he knows customer service. He knows everything. So that's a huge like relief off of me because now if I get an opportunity to sell a piece of equipment or I have a printer, a supplies opportunity, like I can literally within a couple weeks I'll be able to give him 90% of that and he won't even have to come to me.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[49:09]_: 100. We're excited to like help you build that. Like I just like, I like you're being systemized right now. Like you're building systems to help release that pressure. You know. And that's kind of like the unlock, you know.
**Chris Andrade** _[49:18]_: And he needs to understand how to use the technology too because he's been a one man show for 20 years, you know. And so he's like, he's still like giving out his personal cell phone number and stuff. And, and I don't care because I understand where he's at. But eventually he's gonna, he's already seeing the value in being able to go listen to the conversation and follow up and then. Right, yeah, he's just, he's going, he's looking for opportunities, man. And instead of. I've never had a person actually working with me who's bringing something to the table like that, like, it's just do whatever Kelsey said to do. I'm not, otherwise, I'm not gonna do. I'm just gonna sit over here and wait.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[49:53]_: Yeah, we need those doers. Those, they're called self starters. Right?
**Chris Andrade** _[49:57]_: Yeah, that's all I need. Yeah. How much?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[50:00]_: How much?
**Chris Andrade** _[50:02]_: Real quick. Just let me make sure he's okay. Hey, I'm in an interview right now, so I can't talk. Are you okay? Oh, yeah, I'm okay, man. I, I'm just, I got a lot of going on. But hey, tonight, can you come home tonight with me? I, I, I don't think Nikki's gonna be around for a minute after you left last night and all that, but I can take you to work in the morning, and then I'm going to pick up Jordan from the dream center and then we're going to go to Bible study and then we're going to take that guy to a recovery center, Travis, that we met in front of the prayer building. Hello? So just think about that for a minute. But I got to go. Unless you need something. I'll call you back when I get done.
**Chris Andrade** _[50:53]_: Coming home with me and going. Let me give you a ride tomorrow so we can hang out this evening. Yeah, yeah, just tonight. I, I mean, if Nikki comes back, then I, you don't have to be around that dude. She's not gonna be there tonight, so that's. What if she comes home for some reason? I'll let you know, but she's not coming home. So just plan on meeting at the house later on this evening and I'll take you to work in the morning so your wife doesn't have to. All right, love you. Bye. Sorry.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[51:25]_: Okay, no worries. No worries at all. So, of your billable time, I guess, or the working hours, how much of that or percentage of that day or week do you spend on service calls? Is it like 50%? Is it most of the time? Is it a quarter of the time?
**Chris Andrade** _[51:41]_: I think that. So since I got Joe helping me and I have a backup person that can do like the littler stuff, I'm finding that, you know, I've got 25 years of experience. Joe has like a year of experience, so when he goes on a call, he does A good job, but it takes him a little bit longer to do it because who else knows how to do this after 25 years? So it's okay. It's like justifiable because he's got me in the background. So if he gets stuck or something, then I, he's like, hey, what do I do? I might do this. And then he just, you know, he reads the manuals and all that. And then when my time's freed up, then I'm able to build more hours and get more opportunities while I'm there.
**Chris Andrade** _[52:19]_: So like me, every job I go to, I'm getting another opportunity and then I'm having somebody, you know, close that down. You know, I have to follow up on those things. But soon, when I get this honed in, I'll be able to just focus on that service stuff and not have bombardment from every other angle. Yep.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[52:37]_: So right now would you say it's like 50 of your time is going on service calls or.
**Chris Andrade** _[52:43]_: I mean like, so I would say lately I've been like out of like a five day work day. I'm out there at least three days and I'm billing out like six, seven hours. Okay. On those days, you know, like depending on if I have like the, the more calls I have, the faster I have to go and the less customer service I'm able to offer. So if I got six calls, like, I can get it done, but I gotta start at seven in the morning. I gotta bing, bing, bing. And if one thing goes wrong, I can go from one hour to four hours at a stop. You know, so it's not, I've. Alyssa's like, kelsey, you can't have more than three calls a day because otherwise you get stuck in this and that.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[53:21]_: You know, so you're gone the whole day. But yeah, it's fine. Like right now, for now that's fine.
**Chris Andrade** _[53:26]_: You know, I don't know the actual numbers, man.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[53:28]_: Honestly, I just want estimates, right? Like, it's not even, you know what I mean? Because I just want to get, I just want to gauge like, you know, so later we could be like, hey, we alleviated this or that, you know.
**Chris Andrade** _[53:38]_: The numbers are going to be the proof. Because like when I, when I started using Jobber, I did my sister in law helped me implement it and then she came to me like six months later. She's like, kelsey, you're way more efficient. You're doing more every month than you were before. And I'm like, really? It doesn't feel like it, but that's because my business is getting busier and I just got less confused, and so I was able to do more things and, you know, so.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[54:02]_: Let'S move on to no worries. I just want to get a time estimate of how much time you spend each day coordinating with Joe. A listen to. Like, I know you guys do these morning briefs to plan and coordinate. How much time are you guys spending on that, the planning and coordination?
**Chris Andrade** _[54:16]_: More time than we used to. I've never. I've never had a group of people that I could have a meeting with. I. I mean, I had that before I got rid of this other dude. I couldn't. I. I call a meeting at 8 o', clock, you show up at 10. So, like, I just. Like, we're never having another meeting again. So we. I mean, we're collaborating all the time, me and Alyssa, Joe and I, you know, I maybe like an hour a day collaborating with them on the phone.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[54:40]_: An hour each.
**Chris Andrade** _[54:41]_: Okay.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[54:42]_: How many.
**Chris Andrade** _[54:45]_: You know? Yeah, I mean.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[54:47]_: Yeah, that makes sense. How many times per week would you say Joe calls you for help?
**Chris Andrade** _[54:54]_: Actually, very little, dude. Like, when I send him out and I. And I get tied up and busy and he's got a list of things to do. Like, sometimes I won't talk to him at all, you know, and then I'll call him at the end of the day, and I'm like, hey, how did you get everything handled? He's like, yeah, it's all done. You know, it's all. He's a rock star.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[55:09]_: Like, I. I did his interview and, like, he's.
**Chris Andrade** _[55:11]_: He's on point.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[55:12]_: He's a good technician. Like, just the way he thinks and stuff. Like, yeah, very valuable, you know? Yeah.
**Chris Andrade** _[55:17]_: I don't. He only bothers me or calls me. It's stuck on something that the manual wouldn't tell you, and neither would anyone else know, you know, like, otherwise he's able to follow through on the manual, disassemble, reassemble stuff. Like, he's actually better than I am. I can't even read the manual. I'm so.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[55:33]_: Yeah, no, that's awesome. How much? Okay, so say when you did hire Joe or say when you plan to hire a new tech, how much time per week are you allocating to training that new technician? I know, I know it's obviously a lot at first, you know, because it's specialized work, but can you give me, like, hours per week that you'd spend training that new technician?
**Chris Andrade** _[55:55]_: Well, the way that I. The way that me and Joe's relationship developed is if I hire a technician, I may. I basically make him ride with me for shadow.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[56:05]_: Like, job shadow all day. Like, just.
**Chris Andrade** _[56:07]_: And then I teach him, like, certain things. But, like, with Joe, I didn't have to teach him a lot. But I've known Joe for a couple years, so we, like, worked together in the past, and I got busy, and he got busy, and I couldn't wait for him because he was working for his dad full time and just helping me. But now Joe's working for me full time. So when I first brought him over, I wasn't as busy as we are now. So we would just ride together, you know, and I would just. He would. I'd answer the phones and meet customers and go canvas the neighborhood. While he was in there wrenching on the printer, I'd be like, take these covers off. We're gonna do this, and I'll come back.
**Chris Andrade** _[56:37]_: Call me and I'll come back, you know, and I'll just kind of let him be there doing his thing while I was meeting the customer involved. So I liked. I liked that, you know? But I've been training Joe for a couple years, you know, like, he used to use my equipment. Like, even though he didn't work for me, he's like, I need to print a banner. Can I use your shop? I'm like, yeah, he had a key for the last two years. He just only came occasionally.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[56:57]_: Okay, so for. Joe's a special case. I get it. But say if you hired a new technician. So besides, like, the job shadow would be technically 40 hours, but of your, like, personal time, would, like, 20, 30 hours a week for a month, say, be enough for training?
**Chris Andrade** _[57:12]_: Well, it depends on the. It depends on their. Like, if they'd never seen a printer or used a screwdriver, Like, I probably don't want to hire them. You know what I mean? But exactly, like. I mean, Joe was really easy. But I've hired a couple other people, and I poured my heart into them, and then they just got drunk and started driving my car around town. It's like, dude, I'm not. Like, I. I was at a point before I met you guys where I was like, I'm done pouring into people, man. It takes too much out of me. And then to do it and then have it just wasted. I don't want to do that. So, yeah, I'd put Joe in my life to help me. I mean, that's the bottom line. I mean, the other ones I found myself, and that's why.
**Chris Andrade** _[57:53]_: That's the difference.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[57:55]_: Got it. Okay, so let's move on to service. Service operations. How many service calls do you complete a week? Just estimate. Nothing crazy.
**Chris Andrade** _[58:04]_: I like to do about. I'd say I'd like to do about three to four a day is in. That's pretty around there, like 15. Okay.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[58:16]_: And your average service call revenue? I know you said you're at 175, right? Or is that just for. Okay, so. And then plus and then 75 for the. The trip.
**Chris Andrade** _[58:27]_: Right. Depends on how far it is, but yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[58:30]_: Okay, so.
**Chris Andrade** _[58:31]_: Okay.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[58:31]_: And then a few hours each, right?
**Chris Andrade** _[58:34]_: Yeah, it just depends like on. On Thursday I went down to Tucson and my plan was to go to the service call and then do two more service calls at another location and get back to Phoenix. But I went to this place and I ended up spending like nine and a half hours at the dude's office.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[58:49]_: And yeah, it's crazy.
**Chris Andrade** _[58:51]_: And then because I was being interrupted and disturbed the whole entire time, I kept on getting like sidetracked to where I wasted several hours of our time. Like, I mean, I was. I was troubleshooting a wire harness. I disconnected something. I got a. A phone call and this guy was trying to help me. He put the COVID back on and I turned it on and thermistor error came up. And then were in this rabbit hole for like an hour and two hours. I'm on the phone with another tech and I'm like, wait a minute. Like this is not right. I said, let me just pull this cover off real quick. I opened up, I looked and the cables just hanging out of the port. And I was like, I told, I was like, I. I don't. I. I said, I'm sorry, bro.
**Chris Andrade** _[59:24]_: Like, this is it. It's gonna work now. I plugged in, it started working. And then Alyssa build him for the time I was there before I got a chance to tell her. And then he could shit his pants and called me. I was like. I told him I was going to give him a break on my labor because no, half the time I was there all day. So I was taking calls and doing this and what piece around the parking lot and so. But he called back. Me andrew did a tandem call with him. We. We settled the dust. This guy has a, you know, relationship with the ink guy, but he needs me for service and we're going to be continue working together and he needs more work anyway. So I'm like, look, I don't care what happened over this last visit.
**Chris Andrade** _[59:56]_: I'm more concerned about the future, working with you and selling you the next printer when the time comes.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:00:03]_: So that was a special case. And they can go long, but on average, would you say two, three hours?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:00:09]_: I'd say one. I mean, for me. For me, I honestly struggle to stay there an hour. Like, I'm usually done with it, and, like, I already know what's wrong before I got there, but if I don't show up, I don't get paid, so.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:00:22]_: So with the drive, maybe two hours.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:00:24]_: Hour to two, every call at least an hour, maybe two. If it's. If it's more than two, it's because we're likely needing more parts or something. We got to come back and go get something and come back, finish.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:00:34]_: Got it. So if you. And you said during those calls you tend to get. During those service calls you get, you tend to get distracted and delayed from turning away your attention to different matters in your business. I would say per each service ticket, you probably get a phone call. One or two phone calls each, at least.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:00:53]_: I'll be in the. In the conference room with the door shut, pacing back and forth, selling someone a printer while I'm. And then I can go and apologize to him. Like, if I notice I'm there way too long and I look at my timer and I look at what I actually did, I say, hey, I'm sorry I spent 30 minutes in your conference room pacing around, but I'm just gonna take. I'm not gonna charge you for an hour, so just make sure when you get your invoice, that's what it says, because I'll tell my secretary. But.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:01:16]_: So if you had, like, say, another, say one more job, like, exact same capability and everything, how many more service calls do you think you'd be able to do it?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:01:26]_: I mean, wait till we start marketing. I mean, you know, like, I mean, I could do. I. I can do, you know, three a day. Joe can do three a day, and that other guy could do three a day. We can be doing six service calls a day instead of four. I mean, we could be doing nine of them. You know, like, it's. And I see that happening in the near future because of. My circle is so big, man. I've got. I've got. I had this guy call me today. He said he's with a local copier company. They hired Toshiba to come and put this printer in, and they it all up. And then he's calling me. He's like, you. Are you authorized to work on this I go define authorized, like, because a lot of people have a lot of ideas about that.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:02:08]_: He's like, I don't care if you're authorized. You know how to work on it. I was like, I, I, I know a lot about it. I've moved them, I've set them up, I've troubleshot them. But I got a guy that knows the ins and outs of it. And if you want me to come over there, let me talk to him. So now I'm going to contract with my, one of my partner companies. I'm going to meet him at the location, we're going to fix this, knock that ball out of the park, and then they're going to be sending all their other wide format shit to me.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:02:29]_: That is amazing. Like, I, I'm just like, the thing is, like, we're setting you up. Like, the systems that we tend to implement, we want to set you up to have that capacity, you know, whether it's through service, through marketing, through sales, like, whatever it is, we want to give you the capacity to be able to do that. And that's the goal. Systems. What was that?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:02:47]_: The main, the main thing for me is getting my service in line because without that, I can't do the rest of the stuff, you know, and then implement those other parts into that because, like, everywhere I go, I get another opportunity, man.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:02:58]_: Like, I, you have to build capacity. Like, yeah, you know, I just want to move in the next section. I'm almost done, I promise. I got two more sections. Two or three.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:03:10]_: I'm sorry.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:03:11]_: Okay, perfect. The next one is just financial baseline, so just a few touch points on some salaries. How much does Joe make hourly?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:03:20]_: I think Joe and Alyssa both make around 20 or 22 an hour. I don't know for sure because I don't pay them. But, I mean, I'm not.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:03:30]_: And what was your 2025 revenue?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:03:35]_: I'm sorry?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:03:36]_: Your 2025 revenue?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:03:41]_: I think I, I asked my wife about it because I was kind of hitting like 750, about 750 a year. Last year I did like 850. And I was shocked, actually, because I had a pretty rough year last year. You know, like, I got my son out of jail. I mean, I had a whole bunch of people take advantage of me. And, you know, I fired everybody and went back to myself. And so, like, I was actually shocked that I hit those numbers. And I don't even know where I hit them at. You know, I don't know if it was in sales. Service or what it was. It wasn't supplies, though, because that's been kind of going to the waist. It's probably equipment sales, because those are big numbers, you know, like, you could sell 10, $20,000 machine. You do.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:04:18]_: I do a lot of service calls to equal that. But historically, my revenue that sustains me is my hourly billable thing that I do got. You see last year. And so this year, I think we're gonna hit a million, easy. I mean, like, if I. Especially once me andrew get rolling here in a minute, he andrew told me. He goes, kelsey, that customer that you hooked me up with on. On Friday, he's like, I wish I had a customer like that. He's like, we're gonna make so much money off of those guys. And I was like. He's like, have you ever. Do you have any other ones like that? I go pro. I go into them all the time.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:04:51]_: But, you know, I have to be careful because I partner with a lot of companies, and so I don't want to step on anybody's toes. So, like, if it's. I need to figure out a way to tag that, right? So whose customer is this? Because I don't want to go, because they'll come back around the back door and call me. And if I'm not paying attention and Alyssa's not. If nobody's paying attention, it's like, wait a minute. This is arc's customer. You know, like, we got to go to ARC and be like, hey, your customer is trying to come to us through the back door. And we don't want to do that. We want to just go straight to ARC and be like, hey, you want me to help him? I'll do it. I'll just bill you guys, you know?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:05:20]_: And 100.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:05:21]_: I have another company that, you know, he calls me up. He's like, kelsey, you want to fix this printer? And I'm like, yeah, sure. Do you want me to bill you or bill your customer? He's like, you can just take it to the customer on this one. I don't care. But then sometimes he'll tell me, oh, no, just bill me, and I'll pay you. And then you just go make my customer.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:05:36]_: That needs to be built into, like, your internal. Probably, like, LinkedIn to the contact situation, like, just to make sure you're getting context.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:05:43]_: Maybe tags, maybe tagging it. I don't know what the best way to do it is, because we put a bunch of. Let us.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:05:49]_: Let us worry about it.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:05:50]_: Yeah, we put a bunch of Custom fields in Jobber, and we're not using any of them anymore. So now we need to get rid of them because they're just. It clutters up the interface.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:05:59]_: Only use what you need really and what's useful to you guys. Let's move on to training and delegation. How long do you think it took Joe to get about 75% independent? Would you say like three months, four months? Well, I know Joe's a special case.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:06:18]_: I asked him the other day how long he's been working full time for me. He said six months. And I thought it was like two weeks. So I was like, holy. Then he been here for six months. Like, wow. I mean, when did he start going on? I mean, Joe's unique. Joe didn't start going by himself until like in the last month because I gave him a couple car and yeah, the vehicle. So he was just riding with me and helping me at the shop and, you know, taking an Uber periodically. But he's a special case man because his father owns a sign shop and it doesn't speak English, you know. So Joe's been basically working in that environment. So he has a passion for it. You know, he likes the printers, he likes the thing.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:06:57]_: And the stuff that I'm teaching him is just adding value. And he's getting excited about it, you know, Like, I taught him how to work on graph deck cutters, which we get random calls all the time, and they're in a hurry for it. And I can feel completely comfortable telling Joe, hey, this guy's got a cutter. It's doing this, you need to take that. And I know he's going to figure it out, man. It's just like, I don't even have to think about it. And then he's also better than me in a lot of areas where, like, we sold the Chinese cutter to these guys and they're like, it's a titan too. I'm like, titan? What? Like, what the hell is that? Joe's like, what I have at my house, you know? And yeah, I was like, hell, yeah.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:07:30]_: So he went over there and taught him how to use it. Like, I would, I could have figured it out, but I'm not good at like, real quick. What do you think?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:07:36]_: A regular training, like when you went to your other companies where, what was their training protocol? How long did you train to become a technician? Three months?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:07:45]_: No, it took me years, man. I mean, I, I, but I didn't handle, I wasn't like this. Nobody There was nobody there to teach me anything. So, like, when I started, I had to go.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:07:54]_: Let me ask it this way. Say, like the technicians you had before Joe, how long do you think it took the average person to get to about 75%, like, independent.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:08:03]_: Some of them never got to get average.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:08:06]_: Like, I know, just take it average.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:08:07]_: Like, I think 90 days would be a pretty typical. I mean, 90 days would be long enough to get them in, teach them about, like, the basics of it, you know, like, figure out, like, the deliveries, you know. So, like, if I send a guy out to Chandler and he's got a call over there to do a image quality thing, which is a majority of the calls, I do, I guess. Okay, here, I'll answer the question. So out of the calls, I get 50% of them, I could probably do over the phone with the customer if I wanted to sit on the phone and bullshit with them and FaceTime him and all that, but I just don't have the time for it. So 50 of them, I already know what's wrong with it before I even go.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:08:43]_: I just have to show up there and I use it as a training thing for Joe to teach him stuff, you know. So the other. And then 25% of them, I'm not really sure what it is for sure, but I. As long as I know, kind of going into it, I know. And then 25, I'd say 20 of the calls I go to. I've never even seen the printer before, so I can't even send somebody else because I don't even know those are.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:09:05]_: You and those are business deals can happen as well. So I get, you know, that makes a lot more sense. Are you maybe later this year, are you planning or in the near future, are you planning to hire any more techs?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:09:18]_: Yeah, I'm planning on hiring Joe's brother, who has a background just like him in this, and he knows how to run my equipment better. So I can make Joe more the lead guy, make him the. The backup to Joe. And then when Joe's. When I put more on Joe's plate in the field, his brother can be back here doing office type stuff, you know, cleaning up my shop because I got printers all over the place. Like, this is a great test ground for learning how to set up printers and stuff. Like, I got a brand new Canon needs to be assembled. Like, I can't even read the instructions, dude, I. I got to get somebody over there that wants to sit down with a pamphlet and not get it, you know, interrupted. And you know, a janitor could put it together.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:09:53]_: But yeah, like I, So, yeah, no, I get you. So it's like, because the reason why I asked this because what's like the hardest thing to teach a new tech? Because we're, What I'm trying to do is identify the training material that we plan to come up with and roll out with the highest value that.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:10:12]_: You think some calls that you get into. Like, because I know from experience and I follow up on other people that don't know what they're doing, service calls. So some things, like, if you don't do the right thing, you can seriously cause some damage. You know what I mean? And like, those kind of calls, like when I, if I have like something like that for Joe today, like at Cal Plate the other day, we had to put a belt on a printer and he never did it. He's like, I'll figure it out how to do. I said, you know what? No, let me just come over there and show you. Because every tech that's ever worked for me broke this thing. So I went over there, I met up with him at the job.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:10:44]_: I'm like, take the covers off, you know, and I'll be out in the parking lot, you know, pacing around, talking on my phone. Then come get me when you're that far and I'll give you the next steps. And I showed him, got it apart and then once got it apart and I showed him like, I gave it to him in his hands. I said, now you slide it in there. You got that? And he said, yeah. I said, all right, I'm out of here, man. And, and so, so, you know.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:11:05]_: I'm assuming that, you know, there's certain types of printers and certain types of jobs that are more advanced and complicated, right? And I'm just trying to get like a priority list for the training material that we do plan to roll out, right?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:11:19]_: So like there's different categories. So like the aqueous, like the water based HP business is a, is a. That, that business is kind of depleting a little bit because a lot of people are going digital with it. But the signage business is blowing up. So I've transitioned away from the CAD guy and I'm going into the signage stuff and working on that. And those types of situations are where I'm, I got people calling me and they're just like praising God that they found my number and I actually know what I'm talking about and they don't care what it's going to cost. Like they don't even ask any questions about the financial part.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:11:53]_: They're like just so happy they found a person that can talk to them on the phone that's going to show up tomorrow that it's like, whatever it's going to cost, you know?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:12:01]_: Yeah. What I want to frame you up as like if you had video tutorials. Because I talked to Joe and I know he said he would like some self based, like you know where he could go watch a video, go learn it, digest it and then go do it. Would that be useful for you guys and if you had tutorials like that? Because what I'm trying to get you to do is do something once and then have that information so you don't have to go explain that again. And if you do have to explain it again, it's more hands on, you know where.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:12:28]_: I would love nothing more than to get my stuff together and like strap a camera on and go into the job and be like, call the customer before say, hey, I'm gonna be making a video when I come over there. Is that okay with you? First of all, if they're okay with it, I just go in there and I just pull up in front, be like, I'm at the so and so architect. They got a 21 colon 10, it's a design jet, blah, blah. And I'm gonna go take a look and see what's wrong with it. And then you know those videos through.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:12:53]_: Your process to capture that.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:12:55]_: Yeah, explain it. Educate people. Like I actually enjoy doing that anyways. I love, I love the higher leverage stuff. What?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:13:01]_: That'll multiply, That'll turn into sales. That'll turn into, that'll multiply your efforts. We just have to free you up to be able to do that, you know, and that's kind of like use.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:13:09]_: That for marketing stuff on YouTube. Drive more people to the website and that's blow up the ink business because I'm going to educate people about compatible ink cartridges. When you should use them, when you shouldn't use them. How do you fix your 727print head when it breaks? Like, because there's a lot of people that want to see that shit, man. And like my customers don't give a shit. They're just calling me. They don't, they're not, they're professionals, you know what I mean? Like, they're not, they're architects and engineers. They're not over there hacking with rubber gloves on their printer. Yeah, like government agencies they, you have to force them to get something done, you know what I mean? They call you and then you got to go over there and babysit them and hold their hands and like, it's ridiculous, man.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:13:47]_: The IT guy, last time I was at the Maricopa County, I'm like, hey, man, I need some help with this laptop. He's like, I'll be right back, man. I think he didn't even stop before he hit the door and got in his car and hauled ass, dude. Like, I'm standing like an hour later and I'm like, where'd that guy go, man? Like, and then the lady's getting mad at me. I'm like, I can't do. She's like, didn't you bring a laptop? I'm like, yeah, I got a bunch of them. How many do you want? You know, like, I can't hook it up to your network and download the firmware and push it over there until that it kind of goes back over here.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:14:14]_: So is the IT Guy right?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:14:16]_: Yeah, he's still missing in action. That was like two weeks ago. But it was a weird situation, you know, I went out there, they had some funky ink cartridges, and then I found out Andrew has a whole pile of them at his office over there. I was like, you. I'm like, excuse me, like, you have the inks that I need for that? I said, I got three brand new printers at my shop I was getting ready to gut for parts and we can actually get the ink now. Like, and then I told the guy that gave me the printers, he shipped me like $20,000 of the printer, said, hey man, just go ahead and have these for parts. I can't use them. And I just called him yesterday on Saturday, I go, hey, Dave, guess what?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:14:48]_: I know where to get those inks at that HP has because they have a special ink that's for contract machines that only you can buy from certain places. And Andrew knows how to source that somehow. I didn't ask him. I don't care. Oh, man. So he just sold a set of cards. Some guy found a video I made like three years ago about a page wide print head replacement. When Alyssa was videoing me and I threw it out online. This guy called me up and he, you should see the Google review he put up online. I didn't even, I was like, who the hell wrote this review, man? It sounds like this guy's. I, I felt embarrassed. He was talking so good about me, man. I was like, wow. I looked at all of them. They were all like big paragraphs.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:15:24]_: Kelsey's the best in Arizona. Kelsey this, Kelsey that. And then there's one. These guys are trash. It was like a one liner and I'm like, I go to my database, I'm like, who the hell is this? You know what I mean? And I like, I can't even find it. Yeah. If I was looking at reviews and I saw like 10 just top notch, like the best reviews you've ever heard. And then one guy says, this guy's trash. I would just scroll right past it. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Brain in my head.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:15:49]_: Yeah, that's where like, you know, like that kind of stuff, I can literally see you glow up and like that. That's where your passion is, you know, educating people, making those connections, making those deals and that. I feel like that's going to 10x you know, it's just giving you the capacity and the ability to like set up these systems to make. Make sure that your team can handle it. You know, speaking of Andrew and like. I know, I know. We're coming up on time. Are you good? I have.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:16:14]_: I actually feel at peace right now.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:16:15]_: Okay, awesome. Cool. So we'll just. The next section I have is just talking about. I know you mentioned it, Chris. The printing side of the house. I just wanted to. I haven't heard too much, so I just want to collect some data points on it. So like, you tell me about the idea, the target market and the problem.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:16:32]_: I think because we. Because we still gotta finish focus on the service side before we get there. We're still so far away from the printing side. But I would like to focus this what you're talking about, Mikhail, about Andrew and how we can make the service between you andrew better. Like, what do you need with Andrew?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:16:50]_: Is there anything we can help you.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:16:52]_: To get with Andrew to make you guys more selling, like to make yourself more efficient? Well, like, Andrew was planning on coming out here for spring training, which is like in a month or two. And after last week of working with me, he went to his wife and his wife's like, you need to go help Kelsey. Like he's driving out here on Friday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, just to get. Get a better feel of what's going on here. He wants to check out my warehouse. He's going to help me organize it. He's going to bring out a bunch of cartridges I don't have in stock so I can have a shelf over here dedicated to him. And he wants to ride with me. He wants to meet the people. So, but what would help is like, well, I talked to Trent about it.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:17:33]_: I need Trent or somebody that knows our system to get with hims, probably Trent, whoever knows how to use a Mac, because I don't. And I want to make sure he's set up efficiently over there because like he's only been using Square for his invoicing and Amazon for his inventory. And like he doesn't understand like all these systems. Like at first when I introduced him to quote, he didn't really see a value in it, but now he's like, whoa, that's valuable. And then I made him a user and I told list, just make him like a regular user. And then I'm like trying to walk him through what I'm doing on my phone. He's like, I don't have that. And I said, just make Andrew an admin dude. Because I don't know how to pick and choose what he can and can't do.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:18:09]_: And then he's everybody that's an admin, every time we get paid, it pops up on their phone saying, you know, you just got paid $2,000. So now Andrew's going on his own. He sees the payment and then now he's doing a follow up with the customer and saying, hey, you know, how was your service? I told him to do this, you know, just introduce yourself as our supplies guy, follow up with these people. Because I, I used to do supplies. Like when I started, I would always get people on my supplies. I was out pushing it, but anymore I don't do anything with supplies.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:18:37]_: So just to paint the picture in my head, you want Andrew to come in and follow up on the supplies division of Plottr to make those follow ups on the service calls that you make.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:18:47]_: Right?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:18:47]_: So, okay. And you said, he's coming down later this week. So what we could do is kind of, I just wanted to give more input on what your vision is for him and the help that he's providing you and how you see him fitting into the puzzle.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:18:59]_: I'll tell you what It is is I'm done working with employees, dude. Like, if somebody doesn't bring value to the table, I'm not going to work with them. I mean, somebody else within my organization might need a person like that, but I don't. So I'm, and like my main thing is service, like I said. And every service call I go to is another opportunity for supplies. Andrew, after talking to him just this little bit that he's seen in the last couple weeks. Weeks. He said, kelsey, I see our supplies business exponentially being bigger than our service and the revenue that we generate from it, even better. And he's kind of just gauging and seeing what I'm doing with service a little bit right now. But he is going to be the supplies arm of my company, man.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:19:40]_: Like, I'm going to continue working with him the way that I do. He's going to continue to have his Ink Safari business and. But his business is dwindling because it's just the leftovers from his Amazon that he got shut down on. So he was getting ready to go to a different industry. He was going to get into property management. He'd been managing his own properties. He was going to do that. But then this printer opportunity came along, and he's like, you know, this is actually amazing because I can actually get to use my skill set I've built for the last 20 years, and I can be in front of a customer and dealing with customer service. He's amazing, dude. He's amazing with people. He's amazing with upselling, and he gets to have a personal relationship with the people.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:20:21]_: And then he's got me out in the field to back him up. So when he says, hey, we guarantee the stuff 100, you should buy a full set and an extra black, they're gonna be like, yeah, that's a good idea. Like, I could do the same thing. But then I gotta go do the work, you know, like, so I don't have any time to do that. But he. I don't have to teach him anything because he's been in supplies this whole time. So just like. Just like this. Like, I just bought this printer right here. Andrew's arch rival on Amazon was the business guy that helped me start Plotter Mechanics and Plotter Doctors. So I've been in the middle of these guys for the last several years. And I got Evan calling me. He's like, how's Andrew getting this stuff so cheap, man?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:20:58]_: Is it. Is it pirated this? And I go, no, bro, just leave him alone, man. But he's. And he's sitting there trying to buy from Andrew because Andrew's selling on Amazon cheaper than he can get it as a dealer. And he's just desperately trying to figure out how to get this. So I just. Last week, I. I sold a printer. Like, this is how my. This is how it goes. I had the. The cactus. What's the cactus? There's a Cactus National Forest that's three hours Outside of town. And they called me. And I wish I knew how they got my number. I think somebody referred them to me. So I, I, I talked to her. She told me what the problem was. I got the information from Melissa about what the error code means. I said, no problem.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:21:35]_: I went down there with no parts, just my tool bag, because I didn't know what to do. It was, you know, I didn't. I told the lady, I said, this is how it is. I said I could fix it. You know, most of my calls, I fixed 75% of my calls on the first. First time with no parts. So that's why I'm not going to order a bunch of parts and come out there, because then you might not need them, and you're gonna have to pay for them. So went down there. The purging was all plugged up. It's a common Canon problem. I cleaned it up. I got it running perfect. Ran some posters and pictures, and I said, look, you guys need to do some maintenance on this thing like you've never done anything to since you bought it.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:22:06]_: Let me get you a quote. So it's like a thousand bucks worth of parts, another 5 or 600 in travel and labor, estimated and she's like, you know what? We're just going to buy a new machine. And I was like, oh, man. Okay. I'm like, what kind of machine? Well, we kind of like this one can. I'm like, okay, well, can I bid on it? She's like, oh, you sell printers? I was like, yeah, absolutely. I saw them all the time. You know, whatever. So I call Evan. He's a big Canon guy. He buys them by bulk, dude. So he gets a shaves off a price. And he's like, look, the price is this. Sell it for that. There's $1,000 rebate. I'll make you an invoice. You can claim the rebate.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:22:42]_: And then I got Andrew involved, and I'm like, hey, we got this opportunity, and can you help me put together the quote? Because, I mean, me and him and Alyssa were kind of collaborating, and he's like, well, shouldn't we sell him a set of inks? I was like, hell, yeah. You know, so he goes, he writes the proposal, and we put in. Alyssa put the proposal together. It was like $20,000. You know, it's the printer, the maintenance contract, this. And he's like, we don't want to present the quote like that. Like, let's break it into three pieces. We'll. We'll Break it into the printer and installation and then the supplies that they need to purchase for it.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:23:14]_: Because it's going to come with a set of starter cartridges and we don't want them wasting their time with these little half size things or they make three different sizes. We need to sell them the big ones. So we put that on the proposal. He got them to me for the same price. I would have got them from Evan. And we both made $500. And that guy's a dealer, so. So then she says yes, she goes for the ink. So the printer costs like five grand. The ink costs $4,000, dude. And then it comes with a one year warranty. So now we can still follow up with her towards the end of her one year warranty and try and sell her on a maintenance contract and get her on that and lock them down on the supplies. How are you guys and how are.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:23:54]_: You keeping track of that?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:23:55]_: I'm not. Yeah. I have no way to keep track of it. Right. Eli's group. Yeah, I had no way to keep track of it. I don't even know what surface contracts I have. I don't know which one fell the wayside. Usually it's the customer calling me after the maintenance contract expired saying, hey, I need service. And I'm like, okay, Alyssa set up a service call. And then they're like, well, we have a warranty. I'm like, well, we forgot to send you the renewal. So. Yeah, can I backdate it like six months and just. You pay it and I'll just forward your. I'll start the contract from today and then I'll take care, you know, like, I'm not. Yeah. Handed that responsibility off to my wife a long time ago. And I don't. I'm pretty sure it's not getting handled.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:24:32]_: Okay, so that's something we need to beef up and build out. Do you want to set up a call with you, me, I mean, our team andrew.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:24:41]_: Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:24:41]_: In line to understand the requirements for what you need.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:24:44]_: You didn't tell me he was coming this week. So I'm wondering if we could set up a meeting on Friday, like maybe have a lunch. I'm planning on trying to. He's. He's gonna get here at like 10 o' clock on Thursday. I'm planning to have a. A handful of service calls to do Thursday just to kind of take him out in the field and show him around a little bit. And then Friday I want to spend here. And Saturday. Friday and Saturday working on this warehouse and my sister in Law's coming Friday.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:25:08]_: Saturday, Sunday and if you can get us down for an hour interview with you two obviously and like our team, probably two guys from our team as well, me and Chris will probably handle it just to make sure we're all aligned and then we'll come back. So it's really like from my understanding like I believe we could do a few different things and we can, I can talk about it with the team. I don't want to like just say how I should do it but we have options here and like we can discuss that. You know, like the like what you gave us today will be ideal for phase two and like we have a big picture and the big thing is just understanding like systems we're building today is to give you that freedom. Like it's not for today.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:25:51]_: It's going to take time to build, implement, test and then use.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:25:55]_: It's going to, you're going to see in a year. Yeah, yeah, no I, and I understand it and I actually see it, dude, I see it. I didn't ever see any of the, that I was doing before. Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:26:04]_: And that's the key. Just one step at a time. We're here with you know and that's the beauty you got us and like we're super hyped. Like I'm so excited to like work with you to like to really see like where you're going to be. You know, we have so many opportunities.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:26:17]_: Comes up this week, you know, like I'm going to show him how Alyssa is doing her thing because like he, you know, he doesn't have service sales info. You know, all these different emails which is kind of confusing. But I think it's okay they're broken up because you're going to be able to do something with that down the road. I almost think like it would be helpful if we send him the workflow that we captured of Alyssa.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:26:36]_: Yeah, actually Trent, I talked to Trent and maybe we can showcase that with Andrew and I call that we set up. Can I just get a time for Friday or Saturday?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:26:44]_: We don't know yet. Let me, let me get with the schedule on because we're gonna plan Thursday for Kelsey to be a heavy service day and then we'll come up with the schedule for Friday.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:26:59]_: Okay. I would just like to get a follow up for like just lock into time. Like it doesn't have to be.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:27:06]_: I think I write around 10:30 on Friday. Yeah, usually 10:30 is like when we can Plan for. Yeah, that way the morning settles down a little bit. Awesome.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:27:20]_: That's it. Any. I don't have anything else. Chris, do you. Do you have any questions?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:27:25]_: I do. I. I want to tell you about the printing thing really quick. Tell me. Oh, yes. So printing has never been a main focus of mine, but I own more equipment. Equipment than most of my customers do. And so I don't really want to launch the printing thing under Plotter Mechanics because it's a conflict of interest. Because if I'm fixing the guy's printer that's selling to Anheuser Busch and then I'm like, looking at his prints laying on the table, it's like, ooh, Anheuser Bush, huh? What's that guy's name? Like, I don't want to be in that position. I don't want anybody in my office to be in that position, you know, Like, I want to separate the printing when I really go after it down the road.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:27:59]_: But I'm, you know, right now I'm only using printing as a service to extend my custom to my customers. Like when their printer breaks, I'm like, you know what? Send it over to the shop. Let Joe print it for you. That way I can go to the lake or whatever, and I don't have to do that or if for your clients. And we use it for our own. You know, we print labels and all that. But it's starting to happen right now where just a random person called me the other day. They're like, hey, we really need some stickers right away this morning. I'm like, joe, what are you doing? You're not doing shit, you know, today I don't have anything planned, so just get with this guy and print his stickers.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:28:28]_: And, you know, we printed $2,000 worth of stickers for this guy in the last three. Three weeks.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:28:32]_: Wow.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:28:34]_: And so, like, and I also use it as a ministry thing, dude, because I have all these. These greeters and people at my church and they're giving out these, like, copied of a copy of a little, like, Bible verse and stuff. And I'm like, froggy, come on, let me. Let me help you with that, you know? So she gave me a file, and I just printed a sticker out of it because I don't know how to design it. And then she ran out of them. And I saw her again. I said, how. How are you doing with those stickers, Froggy? And she's like, well, he's like, I'm out. But I didn't want to bother you and ask you. I was like, you know what? Let me have Joe redesign it and reprint it. So he redesigned it.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:29:06]_: We made like a two piece pull out and we made a badass sticker for her. And now she's going to be in the front lobby of my church every day. And if somebody ever says they want a sticker made, they're going to be. She's going to be like, hey, Kelsey, you know that's top tier networking right there.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:29:20]_: You're just adding value and that what goes in.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:29:23]_: That's what I love about you, Valley, that are on my church's windows, man. But. And then. And then I just met a guy last Sunday, Pastor Jumping Bill, you know, and it. And he was out there. I started talking to him. I'm like, what are you doing? He's like, I'm exercising. I'm gonna go up these stairs like 10 times. I was like, I'll go with you. And like, I got winded after like the third time and I was like, started talking to him and he's like, tell me. He has a YouTube page where he does, like, comedy and it's. It's. It's not good comedy, but it's. It's okay. And he has another page on Instagram or something. He gives me this little piece of paper like this, like a. Like this long. I said, how about if we make you a sticker, dude?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:29:57]_: And he's a teacher, man. So he teaches and then he serves the Lord, you know, and it's like, I'm gonna give them to you. He said, what's it gonna cost? I said, not gonna cost you anything, man. But, you know, it might take some time. So I told Joe the goal. Joe's a worship leader at his church, so he understands the. Yeah, the philosophy. Yeah. You know, you reap and you sow. You plant seeds and then you sow. And so I had Joe. I told Joe, like, hey, make this guy a sticker. You know, not paying Joe by the hour to do it. I don't care. Yeah, instead of, like, what I would have done was just whatever. Joe went to some pre thing, made a website. He put a.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:30:29]_: He put a little decal on there so you could take it with your phone. And it takes you to a web page that takes you to his Instagram and his YouTube, you know, like, it has a link and they can go to either one. So now he can give them a nice little sticker and they can put it on their laptop or their coaster or Whatever. And that's, you know, he's just like so flabbergasted that I'm helping him. He's just so grateful, man. It's like, it's so much fun to do that for people. And, you know, God already gave me all this stuff anyway, so I'm just trying to steward it. Right. And there's nothing wrong with planting that, you know, I really respect that.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:31:03]_: Like, that's admirable, you know, and I try to implement that too. And like that's amazing, you know, and that's what causes you to win more, you know?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:31:10]_: Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:31:11]_: So you're thinking a new ARM or a new business, like, and I'm assuming that since it's brand new, like requires everything else. Right.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:31:21]_: I have everything to do it. I think you need like the systems, the processes. Yeah, it's a different process. Yeah. Like, it's going to be a website. It's going to be, how do we get this stuff into the workflow? How do we connect it flexi. So we can do job calculate, cost calculations and you know, fine tune our in, you know, whatever. And that's part of what we're doing now. Because right now all the printing stuff I don't have an inventory system. So I'm just pulling off the shelf and throwing in my printer when I need it. And I need to really fine tune that to where every time I take a cartridge off the shelf, it's coming out of the expense of the income that the printing is, you know, and I'm.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:31:57]_: And I don't have that system in place, so I'm not pushing it that hard. But I told Joe, I said, you know, make me two different stickers. I want one for service and one for printing. And so depending on the person I'm talking to, I can be like, hey, if you need something printed, here's this one. And if you need your printer service, you. You need that one, you know, And I've already got a company for it. It's called Mighty Picks, and that's my main printing company. Mighty Picks LLC is my main llc. And then Plotter Mechanics, just the dba. Because I was going to start a printing business when I went through my divorce years ago, and I never did it. And then I didn't have any resources to do it.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:32:31]_: So now I got it all back and the printers are just sitting idle over there and I need them. I need the printers in my service Business, but there's no sense of them sitting. Sitting over there just idling and doing nothing when they could be making money. Got it. What's your.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:32:43]_: What's your. I know you're not ready right now, but what's your timeline? Do you say tomorrow?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:32:48]_: Just get that.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:32:49]_: Start tomorrow.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:32:51]_: I mean, I. I already have all of. I could be getting work every day. Realistically, Captain, McAu, we're gonna shoot for, like, hopefully six months. There you go. Yeah, that's more realistic. Like, we gotta fine tune this, but once we get this done, like. And that's what I want to be doing. I want to be out there networking, meeting people. You know, somebody scheduling my day. Like, hey, here's all the sign shops in Chandler. Go out there and do that today, and then go do the service call and. Because I'm the guy for that, bro. I love it, actually. I love meeting the owners. I like making their employees more efficient. I like teaching them how not how to waste their material other. I like implementing things I learned at the other sign shop. At your sign shop.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:33:31]_: Because I've been to every sign shop in Arizona, you know, and I see the good and the bad and all that, and I. You know, that's one experience and the.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:33:38]_: Wealth of knowledge that you've built.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:33:39]_: And that's one thing I did this year, you know, with this new business. When I used to fix printers, I didn't really care about what they did with it. I just went in there, addressed the problem, and moved on, you know, like. But now it's like, yeah, here's the problem. And by the way, you could be doing it like this or like that or, you know, I can do some more training. I can get Joe out here for some training on flexi or whatever you need. I mean, I can sell you a training package from Plexi. I. So I. There's a lot of it sounds like.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:34:06]_: To me you added more value to the marketplace and got paid more money.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:34:10]_: Yeah, because I'm a solution provider. You know, I'm not a salesman. I mean, I'm. At the end of the day, you make more money as a consultant, and that's what we're trying to get you at. Yeah, we want. We want. Another thing that I think Matthew wanted to have you paint a picture for us, because we're still unclear, is like, when. When you accomplished all of your goals for Plotter Mechanics and Mighty Picks. What does it look like for you? Like, what do you see? I think you told us you want to just have your Pinetop Lake house on. No, no, that's not what I want to do. I, that's what I say I want to do.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:34:47]_: What I want to do is once I get freed up from this thing and I get this thing running efficiently, I'm going to start a ministry called Bread on the Water. And I'm gonna take my houseboats that I've got. You talk about Matthew, about this morning? Yeah, I'm gonna take the houseboats. I have, I'm gonna. Matthew's gonna help me start a non profit. I already have a non profit, A legal entity for Arizona. But I, I never. I haven't finished my testimony yet, but I'm about ready to settle it up once we get this all done. That's going to be the end of my testimony. And then I'm going to say, look guys, like let mentor your, Kill your kids or other men or whatever.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:35:18]_: I'm going to build a house about ministry and that's going to be the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go out and I'm going to take kids that don't have a dad or he's in jail or whatever and the mom's trying to raise them and all that. I'm going to get a group of them and I'm going to take them to lake and I'm going to throw their cell phones in a safe and I'm going to teach them about Jesus and campfires and fishing and swimming and canoeing and paddle boarding and maybe motorcycles, maybe quads, maybe whatever dude. Just take them up there and just love on them for a few days, you know, and that's amazing. That's, that's, that's, isn't that. God put all of us together right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:35:55]_: Like I can't even explain to you the other things that we haven't had time to talk about. All the other people I've been working with for the last five years, they're all coming up with me right now. They're all like, Jesus is Lord. And Kelsey, thank you for praying for me. Two years ago, my dad got healed from cancer. My marriage has never been better. My wife is quit drinking. I mean like, I'm waiting. All these people are getting delivered around me except for me.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:36:18]_: No, man, you, like, you're, you might not see it right now, but you are like, you know, because he works in different ways. Like, and you know, perhaps life.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:36:27]_: I mean that's what I meant to say, like, your mind's gonna be next, man. I can't wait until God gets a hold of her, man.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:36:34]_: Dude, I can't. I'm so, like, wow.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:36:36]_: You know?
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:36:36]_: Like, that's inspiring, dude. Like, I want to get you. I want to help you get you there. Like, that's why, like, we're here on this journey to get together. Like, I just want you to know we have your back. We support you. We're gonna do our best, and that's it.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:36:45]_: Like, we're.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:36:46]_: One day at a time. We're gonna. We're gonna dig through the trenches, and we're gonna make sure that you have the time to go do what you want to do and work on bigger visions, you know, it's like, once you.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:36:54]_: Get out of this little rat race.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:36:55]_: You can go help people. And that's. I think that's the goal for me, like, building a business and doing all this. I'm trying to get out of the rat race so I can help people and my family and, like, and just add value to the world, you know.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:37:05]_: And just be that light for people. I love helping people. That's why I fix printers, dude. You know, Like, I. I go out and I help people fix their printers, and I. And I'm not. I. I enjoy the fact that I'm able to make money. I can't believe that God put me in a position like this where I'm able to go out and make 175 an hour, you know? Like, people are like, you paid more than my attorney. I'm like, well, yeah, but the good news is I'm gonna get this done in two hours. Your attorney's gonna take the next six months. You know, if you call me. Unless you're an. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, I'm giving you my cell phone number.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:37:39]_: I love that, man. I'll definitely be reaching out on the side more and build that relationship. Kelsey, I have to go. I got to get these kittens to their doctor appointments. But is there. Chris, is there anything I missed?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:37:52]_: No, brother, you got it all. Thank you so much, dude.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:37:54]_: Kelsey, anything for me?
**Chris Andrade** _[01:37:56]_: No, man, I. I mean, I'm sure there is, but I can't think of it right now.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:37:58]_: Yeah, we'll follow up.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:38:00]_: We'll follow up with this.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:38:01]_: I'll send you a summary of this call.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:38:02]_: Yeah.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:38:02]_: And so you have it. And, yeah, man, if you need anything, you know where to get us.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:38:06]_: Yeah, no, I do, and I. And I need you to. I need your information. Email me all your contact info so I can put you in my phone because I don't have.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:38:13]_: I'll shoot you a text on WhatsApp. There you go.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:38:17]_: Yeah, just. I just want to put you in my personal phone log so I can.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:38:21]_: I'm doing that right now.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:38:23]_: I mean, I've been trying to do like work related things through the WhatsApp thing, but then like personal things between like me and Matthew this morning. Like, I had no idea that Matthew where he's at with his life and stuff. And it was like, just refreshing. I talked to him for two and a half hours this morning, man, at 4:00am and he was like, bling. And I was like, you want to talk, dude? He's like, yeah. He's like, I want to go for a walk. I was like, I'm going for a walk too, man. Like, so I, I made a coffee and jumped in the shower and I walked around.
**Mekaiel Abdullahi** _[01:38:49]_: All right.
**Chris Andrade** _[01:38:49]_: It was fun. All right, we got Mikhail go. He has to go later. All right, brother, you later. Thank you. Bye.
