# Transcript - Megan SOP Consultation

**Date:** January 5, 2026
**Participants:** Megan (Consultant), Matthew, Kelsey, Alyssa

---

Okay. This is for Kelsey sister, Plotter Mechanics. She wants me to give her a call. 
Are you going with the gem? 
Yeah. Well, I gotta call Plotter Mechanics real quick. 
Hold on. 
I have. I'm recording. 
I turned it off. Yeah, I know. I take it you're wanting me get some. Sarbish. What up, dude? All right, I'm gonna give her a call real quick. 
All right. 
Yeah. I'm always working, bro. Hi. How you doing? 
Good. How are you? 
Good. It's. It's a pleasure to meet you. And it's Megan, right? 
Yeah, it's Megan. 
Yes. I'm awesome. I heard a lot about you. And honestly, you know, we're here to just earn your trust at the end of the day and whatever we got to do that. And yeah, what I would like, you know, we're. This is my cell phone number. We are working on getting Kelsey's sops pretty much implemented and working on that. And a part of that would. 
What is an sop? Sorry. Honestly, I. I just talked to him for like five, 10 minutes, and he fast and rattles off a bunch of stuff that I'm not totally sure exactly what the plan is or what. 
Yeah. So all we're doing is just really just trying to help make Kelsey's day easier and by implementing simple systems that just doesn't allow anything to slip through the holes, but then also can help anticipate clients, needs, customers needs, ultimately alleviating a lot of Kelsey stress. 
And out of curiosity, what does that look like or what does that entail? 
It's. So it's. Honestly, Megan. It's. It's. There's a lot because of the sit, just because of how Plotter Mechanics, you know, is ran. Everything goes in and out of Kelsey. Right. And it's a technical constraint beyond belief. There's just no way to really. 
Grow. 
Nor less get clarity or freedom. Right. So what we've identified throughout our audit process is that because there's no documented processes or procedures for the everyday task to kind of be accounted for, that there's a lot of discrepancies for how things are done with where do they go along, what process does that make sense? 
It does. The first thing that pops into my mind, though, is I. I know you said some of this was going to be automated, but what I don't want to happen is for there to be a ton of tasks on Kelsey's calendar to make sure it gets done, because then he'll become overwhelmed. Oh, and nothing will get done. 
100%. 100% and Megan, where we're approaching this as is like a long term relationship where we are here to support Kelsey and Plotter Mechanics and Nikki in any way, shape or form. So if there's an issue with any part of our agreed upon deliverable or what we're trying to fix, right. That we ensure that there is no conflict of user. Like we want to make sure we're going to build something that he uses. Right. Ultimately at the end of the day. And then when we build it and he's using it, we want to make sure that it's being used to its full potential. Right. And that's where the SOPs come in and that will ultimately give a map. 
What's an sop? 
Standard Operating Procedure. 
Okay. 
And so every. I have an interview with Nikki tomorrow and then I have an interview with Lissa and Joe and I have one after with Kelsey. And I would love to get you involved because the way this works is in order for us to kind of systematically go through the process, right. We have to understand how everybody's role or daily function helps Plotter Mechanics. Right. And so that's just a process of a simple interview. Nothing crazy, just a conversation, asking some questions. It can go as long as you want or should be taken like 30 minutes really. It just depends on how much you have to say at the end of the day. What that does for us is then we use the audio recording and it is the most powerful piece of tool that we have. 
And, and what happens with that is then it automatically goes through our systems to extract the information necessary and then also give us a bunch of other information that we can use down the road. And so that's ultimately what the next phase of the process is. Just, just to understand what makes Plotter Mechanic tick and how does that make sense? 
Sure. You do understand though that I'm not involved in the daily operation. 
Right. I think he might think Kelsey just wanted to make sure we understand what you implemented just so we know where the relationship exists. Just, we just want to make sure we accounted for your work or what you have put in. We don't want Kelsey's kind of iterated that, you know, you've been a detrimental component to ultimately helping him get better traction, if you will. So we just want to make sure that we don't, you know, we want to use your brain power. And Alton, honestly, we would love your insight. You know, if you think that Kelsey needs something else or he needs to do this versus that. I mean, ultimately at the end of the day, that's what we're here for. 
Okay, so. You're trying to create procedures for. 
Everybody. Everybody is gonna have, I mean, even time. Like, how does a proposal get sent out? Like where, when inventory comes in, where does that go? Like just, I mean, breaking every step down. So if something is broke, we know where to go to get it fixed. It's the only way it's doable. Because if things aren't replicatable, if systems aren't going. Hey, and I got Matthew. He's actually, he's one of the engineers. He would love to chime in for a second, please. Go ahead, Matt. 
Yeah, so with regards to the SOPs, so there's essentially a bunch of information in Kelsey's brain that he knows about how printer repair that none of the rest of us know. 
Right. 
So one way that we can free up this time as his business scales is to document sort of each thing that he does in terms of repairing a printer, going out to the client, and just essentially documenting everything that he does. So that if we have that in a document, and not only a document, but we can also make training videos. Like, Kelsey can help us do that so that when he brings on a new employee, that employee can take over that specific work item that we have documented. So that way Kelsey doesn't have to do that thing anymore. So that's. As we do these over and over again. We should be able to free up his time from being in the business and repairing every single, like all the jobs to. Okay, he does now the more complicated ones. 
And he has employees that are doing the sort of less complicated or already documented job. 
And then eventually what our plan is that we'll have. I got Kelsey a microphone and I'm going to make sure he wears it right. But when he is recording himself like we already did it, he accidentally wore a microphone when he was trying to get this vinyl machine aligned properly. He didn't know it, but his microphone was on. And then after our meeting, I took that microphone home and then do run it through our systems and let him know we just had an SOP created because he wore his microphone and he was taught, you know how Kelsey is like, he just describes everything to the Te and it ultimately was like his secret weapon. Now he was able to get this PDF printed off with instructions step by step, exactly using his quotes. 
And now he gave that to him and he doesn't have to do it again, you know, and it was like a perfect example of what we're trying to do, but it just There's a lot to kind of get there, if that makes sense. 
Yeah. Because no two jobs are the same, and troubleshooting is a whole different thing than just showing up and doing something that has a set of instructions. 
Yeah. 
And. 
And Kelsey's said explicitly that, you know, if he can diagnose and, like, do troubleshooting phone calls and get paid without having to leave his office or his home up there in Pinetop, like, that's his dream. Right. We can get him there. It's just. There's a lot to kind of get done to do that. Right. It's just that's where the SOPs, the standard operational procedures come into play, because ultimately we're trying to level up his game. But if it's built on fragmented systems, you know, it. It doesn't make sense to work down the road when the entrance, you can't even get in. Right. Or it's just rough, an entrance. So we're just going from the very beginning and developing the SOPs, and then from there, everybody knows who's doing what, how it's done, and if it doesn't, well, cool. Now we know where to go. 
Maybe make a couple alterations and then see how that works. Right. That's what we're just trying to do. And ultimately, if there's any other information that you feel necessary for us to either use or need, or if there's insight, I mean, anything really, that could ultimately help Kelsey, at the end of the day, that's all we're here for. 
So. Only thing I've really implemented was the new program Jobber. 
Okay. That's what Matt here, who just chimed in. He's our Amazon engineer. He used to work for Amazon, and now he is an engineer working with us. And Kelsey, he owns. He's part of the company. Right. That is what he is tackling. And we are. What do you want touch on that with Jobber, Matt? 
So, unfortunately, I gotta get off the phone here in a couple of minutes, but I just wanted to say. I wanted to confirm that it was you who did the integration with Jobber. And so that's awesome, because I think that system is probably a lot better than whatever they had before, if they had a system before. And then the other thing I want to say was just so. Well, I wanted to ask two things. So I wanted to say that we are considering. We're heavily considering integrating a software called Quo with Java. So that's Quo, and it can sort of help with. So right now there's communication between Kelsey and Alyssa that happens frequently due to just needing to update her about the client needs or whatever happened on the service job. 
So they need to communicate. 
Things get. Yeah, things get dropped or like information doesn't get there or it takes time to update Jobber. 
So. 
But there's a thing called quo where it can sort of transcribe calls, it can automatically leave full transcript in Jobber. So that's what we're planning to kind of start with. So I just wanted to mention that. 
And then from the transcripts, once Kelsey, once we build this system out, eventually what Matt is proposing is that Kelsey will be able to leave a voicemail in Jobber and then that voicemail will be produced as a task or a proposal or something to that effect. Right Matt? 
Yeah, yeah, I think so. We just look at that and it, we can get it transcribed as a request in Jobber. So it'll. The request in Jobber will essentially be like an inbox and then Alyssa can look at the exact transcript asynchronously, meaning like she can. They don't have to be on the same phone call, so it'll save time because they don't have to be on the same phone call. So they can just do it at any time and process the request that come in, all the good stuff. 
And it now could be a simple ticket, a proposal, a reminder. I mean the list is going to kind of go on as we go and we collect. 
I mean right now what that looks like. Because unfortunately Kelsey can be a very confusing person and talks a lot and doesn't just give you the down and dirty what you need to do in order to just do your job. Give you a 30 minute backstory. And that's not going to be helpful input into a request. 
Yeah, so that's where I'm going to be coming into play because I am very well aware that there is going to be some sort of user error or. Go ahead. 
So another piece of it is there's a full transcript, but there's also a summary that gets auto generated. So there's. There's like the short version that AI kind of like looks at the whole transcript and then creates a summary with the key points. 
And then you've already double checked that the software already coordinates with Jobber. 
Yeah, there's an integration that's. 
Yeah. So with most of these types of applications there's waves for us to be able. What we call like there's agents that we can put onto your Jobber or other type of Jobber application. That's where we come in, is that we, we customize that agent ultimately to be the one you need to save you time and money. But that's where this built on fragmented systems comes in because we're building your systems out. But if you don't know how a proposal is supposed to get sent out, or like if, you know, if the people were kind of a little unclear on their daily task, it compromises the efforts, if that makes sense. 
No, I, it does and it does. It doesn't sound like you've sat down yet with everybody to like figure out how that. 
No. So we're on day, I mean we, our contract kind of just started on the 1st and obviously with the holidays and stuff. So tomorrow is my first meetings that we're going around. I'm starting with Nikki and then Alyssa and then Joe and that. And then after that then we'll have a pretty good idea and then we'll go through with and then make, we call create a gap analysis of what other information we need and then we go through a second round of interviews and typically we should have everything we need by the second round. 
Okay, I guess what is it that you would like from me? Because honestly I implemented the Jobber, the naming convention for this, the products, and I've done a manual inventory which I plan to add another program for inventory management. But I had to get everybody working one software fully, smoothly before I add in too many steps. 
Right. And is that the software? Is Jobber, the software you're talking about? 
Jobber's the one. Yeah. 
Okay. 
We moved over from, because before they had, you know, two or three different programs. 
Right, right. And we're still, we're trying. And I'm assuming Vonage is one of them. Yep, yep. Yeah, we're heavily aware of that. And I, I, I, I don't want to speak for the technologies. I'm not an engineer, I'm just, I, I just make sure that I ultimately have the client's best foot forward at all times. But Matthew has to go. Is there any questions you had for him before he leaves? 
No. 
Okay. 
I guess just let me know what you need from me in order to help because like I said, I don't do the day to day stuff. I just created the processes that Alyssa follows and I haven't checked in lately to see if she's still following them to the T or not. 
Well, then once I get an interview with Alyssa, and then once I have an understanding of how that looks, and then Maybe that would be a really cool conversation for us is to kind of give you an update on that and without you having to really kind of be there and then kind of assess the situation right then and there with a conversation between you and I. 
When are you meeting with Alyssa? 
I haven't scheduled that one. I was going to see how Nikki's went and then from Nikki's, I would like to process some more of our internal notes and then come to Alyssa with processed notes after Nikki. 
And then she doesn't really do any of the day to day tasks. She's only collecting payments and marking them, paid in jobber and depositing the checks. 
Awesome. And I guess just obviously for, you know, the respect factor as well. I just want to make sure. Because she was just say she did not. She was not biting what were trying to sell because. 
My own skepticism. 
Right. 
She's gone through similar people wanting to do the same thing. But. But I don't think Kelsey realizes that is there's a lot of upfront labor that goes into making anything automated. And at the end of the day it takes somebody which it will end up being him. Because Alyssa can only do so much. Yeah. There you can put some fancy bells and whistles on things, but you still have to be the person who's overseeing things, making sure it's getting done. 
Like so one component that I think we forgot to leave out and that's shame on me. But we make sure that every single iteration we do has some sort of ROI attached to it. So we know that whatever we're building is going to create some sort of return on investment. And our goal is to have that return on investment paid out within four to six weeks. That's how our approach and I get your concerns 100% and I will work extra hard to earn your trust because Nikki had the same concerns. Like when we first walked into that meeting, I was like, oh my gosh, she's about ready to just to tell me to get out the door when you know, because I get it. We have. There's four guys, three of them are very well accomplished engineers. 
And here a bunch of engineers and me trying to help Kelsey. Like what's our purpose? Well, to be honest, we have a vision and we are in the fifth iteration of what we're calling the Industrial revolution. Right. And because of these engineers and my experience with just being a consultant, they are the ones who are wanting to help people because this is what they enjoy. Right. And we can, if we are creating a service that is Helping people just make their businesses happy again. Like at the end of the day, that's how, that's what we're here for. But we still have to prove it. And I, and I get your concerns and your reservations and that's what my job is to alleviate those. But I will say Nikki came in hot and by halfway through the meeting, we made her a believer. 
Like, I could see, I saw the moment that she was like, it clicked. Right. Because we're not trying to promise or oversell or any of that. Everything we're building has an embedded roi. And once we are. Are able to be. Once we get more iterations of these systems, eventually you're going to have a dashboard that shows how much money our systems are making you back. Like we're going to be able to quantify everything at that kind of level. 
Think they're going to be able to demonstrate any ROI? 
Oh yeah. 
Four to six weeks. 
Oh yeah. 100%. That's the whole, that's our whole philosophy. That's how we gain your trust. There's. That's why we make sure if there's a pre qualification just for us. Just so you know, would like to. 
I don't. I mean, when you talk to Alyssa, it might best if I'm on the phone with. Because she's. She can do what you tell her to do, but she doesn't. She doesn't have a whole lot of understanding of why she does what she does. 
Interesting. Would you be available at 11 tomorrow? 
I. I actually have a meeting from 10 to 12. It'll. I might be done before 12, but I have a meeting at 10 for sure. 
Would you like me to see if I can reschedule with Nikki at 12 or 12:30? 
Oh, I don't need to be on the one with Nikki. I mean, you can. 
Oh, I'm sorry, you said Alyssa. My apologies. Okay. Once I have Nikki. Right. Oh, you think you said that my apologies. I had. I got Mickey and Alyssa confused. But yeah, once I get. Once I have Alyssa's time locked in, I will definitely reach out and coordinate both of Yalls meetings together. 
Okay. Yeah, because like I said, she can follow some instructions, but she doesn't always understand why she's doing what she's doing. 
And that's why the SOP is going to beautiful because she'll be able to reference like we're not just going to give you a stack of papers, right. And like, here's your SOPS 9. 
You're. 
She's going to be able to. I don't. Are you familiar with like, chat GPT or, you know. 
Yeah, of course. 
Yeah. So what, she'll be able to reference plotter mechanics, own version of that, right? And she'll be like, hey, what? How am I supposed to send this client's payment? Is it through? 
The thing is that. And that's part of the problem, and that's why I don't think you fully grasp yet is that she has a. What you're calling an sop, but she forgets most things and she doesn't refer back to her instructions. And you have to con. If something's not done right, which she doesn't know that it's not done right, it requires me looking and checking on things or Kelsey finding something not done right and being like, well, why didn't you do this? And she's like, I don't know. 
Yeah. So we are very well aware we have our other clients, same issue, right. And we're doing the same thing, developing their SOPs. And she asked that same question. And this is what we provided. This is what Kelsey's going to get is after the SOPs are created, after the tasks have been generated and identified and agreed on by Kelsey or you or whoever, then what the next step will be is creating, like this daily task, this tracking. Like, it's almost going to be like an app, a checklist that has to be done every single day. Right. This goes in conjunction with the SOPs. And Kelsey's agreed and the other client agreed. But what it does is then it holds that employee accountable. 
And Kelsey's mentioned that, like, people don't show up on time or, you know, what we're doing now is the SOPs gives us the support to ultimately hold the employees accountable. And then what we're doing is, yeah, we know that it's hard for people to adopt technology. So we're turning into like, almost like a game, right? You get more points for using this game. And then what that does for Kelsey is then it gets the analytics to Kelsey to ultimately give a good review or a raise or, hey, I see that you called in sick four times, but you're late 10 times. And you know what I mean? Just be able to have a matrix get together on, on. On the employees. Right. 
I mean, it sounds like you have this already developed for another customer. 
Well, we are developing it currently right now. 
So also, I want to chime in something. I'm still here, by the way, but so that's sort of like that's one strategy that ultimately our goal is to figure out why. Why is Alyssa not following that process that she already has? Firstly, and because it's like, if we, you know, if we give a PDF or a training video and they don't follow it, then it's useless. So we want to understand why that person isn't following the procedure. And it might not only be asking her, it might be asking everybody at the company and getting a holistic picture of how does everything flow together and then just like, reasoning through, like, why is this getting missed? Because if there's already processes in place, then there's something that we're. That's missing that we need to figure out. 
Yeah. And it's partly because, you know, Elizabeth is forgetful and she honestly can't remember what she did yesterday. And I understand why that is because, you know, it's just how she is. But at the end of the day, every, like, very rarely are one. One task is not the same every day. Like, even though it's the same task, Kelsey will be like, well, it has to be done this way and this way. And like, everything is very specific. And he's also a very confusing person. So she just doesn't understand sometimes what he's asking because he's not clear. So. And it. Even though she. So, like, for instance, you know, like you said, sending out a quote. 
Well, he'll be like, well, I want you to send a quote to so and text him this and do that and this and that. But then the next day when he asked for a quote, he'll ask for it a completely different look. So it's, you know, part of it is being slightly forgetful, but the other part is everything that Kelsey asks you to do, it's never the same way twice. 
Interesting. That's. 
So it's a very difficult to actually replicate. Like, I've got basic procedures on how to send a quote, what needs to be included. But then he'll add, you know, 10 or 15 different things today and two things tomorrow and eight things the next day. And it's. It's not uniform in any way, shape or form. Nothing that he asks you to do is a uniform process. 
And how would that's been. 
My challenge is trying to get Kelsey to do something in a uniform way. Sometimes he calls you, sometimes he texts you, sometimes he, you know, it. It all changes. And honestly, a lot of this comes down to the way Kelsey does things. But. And it's all scrambled up in his brain and he Thinks that he could just call you and rattle stuff off, and then you just. You're going to get it the first time and not make a mistake. 
Can I ask you a question? If you had a magic wand, and I place this magic wand in your hands, and you can wave that wand to fix any one of Kelsey's issues, what would that look like? 
His process needs to be more uniform. Everything he does, but it's not. It changes. 
You have an idea of how that looks? 
I. Yeah, I know exactly how it looks. But it. Getting him to do the same thing, he always says, I'm busy. 
Well, I'm not gonna let him get away with that. That's where I come in. This is because we have to hold our clients accountable to some degree, right? Because if. If we're here busting our butts to make them better, but if we ask, we have to wait for them to do something or to wait for. Then it makes us unefficient, and that's not what we're about. So. I love Kelsey, but at the end of the day, I'm a. I'm a consultant, and he's paying me to consult, so I have to be able to say, okay, Kelsey, well, it looks like we got all the systems that you paid us for, but why aren't you using it? Right? What's going on here? Like, and, oh, well, it looks like you keep deviating a plan for a little bit. 
Is there a way that we can fix that from not happening? And I'm curious, like, is. Do you have any type of iterations on how that would look? 
Me personally? 
Yeah, like, if you can tell. 
Kelsey tried to implement a couple different things with him. Like, if he could just. If he wanted something and he just sent in, like you said, like, an email in writing, but not, like, he can't take the time to write an email every time. So then he'll send you a text, and his text is he's voice texting while he's driving. And it's. It's so confusing. Like, when I. I spent six or seven months daily working with him and Alyssa to try to improve the communication, and you can't get him to do it one way all the time. Like, sometimes it's a voice text, sometimes it's a phone call, sometimes it's forwarding an email and just expecting you to know, like, he knows what these products do. And, you know, she's getting better at being able to look them up and research them herself. And. 
But at the end of the day, he's going to know that this specific machine is this specific size. And unless you're a freaking genius and have like a full manual for every single machine that they work on with an easy way to look everything up, it. It's next to near impossible. And then there's times where, you know, he'll tell you to order this ink, but he knows where he wants it ordered from. And if you don't remember where this specific ink gets ordered from and you order it from someone else, they'll be like, why'd you do that? Like, it's everything that honestly, it's. It's the way Kelsey specifically wants something and that can change day to day. There's. It's not automatic. I mean, there's a lot of automation that you could probably. 
Right. 
Create some standard procedures, which I already have to the best that you don't. 
Have those that you can send me because this is the first, to be honest, that we've heard of any type of documentation been created. 
I. I don't personally have it. I need Alyssa type it up as we worked through problems. 
Awesome. Awesome. I'll get those from her. So if. If you had a way, let's just say if we could standardize Kelsey's language or verbal or, I mean, anything really. Do you. Would you have a. Like, is there any secret sauce that you can give us to help us make sure that it goes to that kind of plan? 
I mean, there's. Even if he just did his own request through Jobber, like, you can update the form to include other things. He could send a request through Jobber, assign it to a lista, and she could do it. But he. Like I said, yeah, it's a matter of him wanting to do things in a uniform matter. He just wants you to, like, do it however he wants it done that day. Like, I think he's starting to request through Jobber. It would be easy. 
Yeah. And I think he's starting to realize that his ways aren't working. And I think that's why we. Honestly, since we started talking to him and like, I've been, I don't want to say holding his hand, but letting him know, like, hey, man, we have like this plan. You know, I can see that there's been a change in him already. And it. That's what excites the guys and I. 
And. 
And because at the end of the day, we understand the hesitancies that come with this type of, I guess, workflow. Right. 
And. 
And, well, the thing is you can't Throw a lot of things at Kelsey all at once. You can't just automate all these things. So, like, if you'. Quotes, let's figure out how to nail down quotes and how to get that to a point where it's done the way he wants it done every single time. 
Good point. 
Like it has. And then that has to work well for 30 days straight before you can throw. 
You have an idea of how that looks. Like what? How does that look? How does that. That. Like, like, can you. 
I just picked a. I just picked a process. Honestly, if he would just send the quotes out himself because he knows exactly what he wants on there and the pricing, that would be fine. That would be easy. 
But how many quotes do you think he gets a day, do you think, typically, how many quotes, like, guesstimate what? How many quotes do you think he gets a day that he has to do? 
Oh, one, maybe three max. 
So if, let's say at the end of the day and before he's wrapping up or even in the morning when he sits in his Jacuzzi, he can review these quotes and approve, modify or deny. 
Right. And that's kind of what he's supposed to be doing. Like, it a lot of times, if it's. If he doesn't send it himself and he calls Alyssa and says, hey, I need a quote and I want. She'll put it in a draft mode in Jobber and you can have a draft just saved there. And he's supposed to review it and then send it out, but that doesn't always happen. And the thing is he's really good at blaming other people because this didn't happen and this didn't. 
Oh. 
So we got to create some sort of accountability for Mr. Kelsey. And now I'm wondering, like, I'm wondering if there was like, if almost we could, like, figure out how to get Kelsey, like his own personal assistant that kind of constantly reminds you, hey, Kelsey, Alyssa sent you this quote three hours ago. 
That's what Alyssa is his personal assistant. And she's had to take on other responsibilities that she didn't have that another person was doing that's no longer there, which I feel like she's doing. She's doing a pretty darn good job. 
Yeah. 
Could it better? Absolutely. But it comes down to Kelsey, who doesn't always do what he says he's going to do. He's supposed to meet with her daily at 4 o' clock every day and go over his schedule. He probably does that. If I had to Guess twice a week now. Like it's. He's. She, he. He wants it like set up in a certain way and in certain order and stuff like that, which he could do himself, but it's easier for him to ask somebody else to do it. So he's supposed to call her at the end of the day and she's going to tell you, this is what we have left today, this is what you have tomorrow. How do you want me to organize this? Do you want me to change anything? Do you want me to add anything? 
Like that's supposed to be a daily call with him every day. And he doesn't keep to it, he'll be too tired or doesn't want to deal with it or whatever it is. And then he's upset when he starts the next day. 
Right. 
Things aren't done the day before and things aren't set up for the next day. And then there's these parts. I've created a shelf where the parts are supposed to be pulled and sent and put in a box ready to go for the next day. Like all of the things that he's complained about over the last three years that I've been working with him, I've created a process to at least eliminate 80, 90% of the hiccup. And I know it's working smoother because I check in, you know, quarterly, monthly, whatever, and I to the day to day stuff. I don't check it every day like, you know, hey, this isn't done. This is overdue or whatever. It's, you know, more like monthly now. But I've created processes to eliminate most of his headaches. But there's still going to be a room for error always. 
And, and we definitely anticipate that. Right. But that's why, that's why, you know, eventually those errors, if you, they keep happening, eventually they're going to get fixed with this methodology. Right. And eventually there should be little to no errors. Right. I mean, at the end of the day. And it just takes time ultimately to develop that kind of process. Right. And I think you understand what. Go ahead, Matt. 
So, yeah, I would love to see like what those processes look. 
Yeah. 
And then also especially the important part is like a retrospective, some sort of like maybe Megan, if you understand why they don't work, like the things you've been saying, it's like, oh, Kelsey doesn't do it because he's tired. Like, it only happens twice a week out of five times for, but for like each one, I Think we would love to know your view on why that didn't get followed. You know, because ultimately we need to figure out why the processes aren't being followed, especially if you've already created so many. Like, then our job shifts a little to, okay, why aren't these processes being implemented? 
Okay, because like I said, this is the first we've heard of any kind of documentation about any procedures. 
So if I had to guess, mine are going to be a lot simpler and dumbed down than what you might implement. You know, 10 steps, first process. But there is, you know, at least a dozen processes that we have typed up that, you know, cool. That should be theoretically being followed. 
But you just gave me a baseline which just like saves us so much time. So honestly, I'm like, kind of grateful to hear about that, to be honest. So. And, and I also will send this invitation to you is like, I'm always the creature. Like, you know, randomly I'll be thinking and like, oh, I forgot to tell him that. Well, I encourage you to, when you text me, you can open up that voice message and just tell me your story. Let me, let me have it. Tell me it all. Let me know. Like, oh, I. And also if Kira, Kelsey, if we can do something or however that looks like, just send it my way. Honestly, the more information, the more issues, the more things that you like. And this is wrong, and this isn't stupid. I don't know why this happens. 
Send it my way because it sounds like to me like you know more about this than a lot of other people that we've been kind of, you know, I haven't, I know Alyssa, I haven't had. I, I got. I know she's very intelligent. I know she knows a lot of the systems, but you have an insight that we haven't been privy to. So, yeah. You're kind of like, I, I do see why Kelsey wanted me to talk to you. Yeah. 
And I don't mind doing that, but we have to, like I said, this has to be stair stepped and pinpointed and then measured. 
Yes. 
See what, like you said, the return on investment is going to look like because at the end of the day, if people aren't doing the things that are already in place, then it requires people doing what you're supposed to be doing in order for this to go smoother. 
Yep. And, and that's. We make sure that the iterations that we roll out are small enough for us to be able to it make sure those iterations are working right. 
100 well, the only thing I can think of is you would have to basically record everything that's going on for a whole week between Kelsey and Alyssa and then isolate each task because. And it would even probably take two weeks to even get a good sample of the data that. 
Oh, yeah, yes, 100%. And that's why I am ultimately, eventually my plan is to get Kelsey. He will be hot mic'd, not 24 7, but when he's at work, when he shows up or when he's leaving or he's on his way, he's going to have a microphone on 24 7. Right. And then at the end of the day, he's going to upload that. And again, I know, I get your concerns. I will be there. I, I'm going to make it so easy for him. I already, he talked to me about his concerns and I was like, listen, it's going to be so easy. And once you see how powerful it is and what you're doing and how much more it's accomplishing, it's going to energize you more to record more, you know, so I, and I get it. 
And I, that's why I'm being very diligent on how I roll things. 
Have you even looked at Jobber yet? 
Oh, yeah. Oh, yes. 
So it already comes with its own flows of processes. Like everything could start as a request. You can convert a request to a quote, you can reconvert a request to a job. Once it's in a quote mode, you can convert it to a job. Once it's in a job, it converts to an invoice. Like it's a very simple flow. Like it's just a matter of it being done correctly. Once it's like everything isn't being started as a request, you know, So I. 
Think Alyssa mentioned that. 
Huh? 
Listen, did mention that as well. 
And that's something that's so cool about the quo software because it can. So incoming client calls can get recorded as a. In quo. It gets recorded and then it gets created as a request in Jobber. We can also hook up, like, instead of Kelsey directly talking to Alyssa on the phone, we, what we're planning, One potential solution is we're planning to set up a quo voicemail only number that he, if he calls this number, it'll get transcribed and recorded and then automatically creates a request in Jobber. So we're going to try and get them using the request feature in Jobber through this automation. If that makes Sense. 
Okay. Yeah. And I guess that would help if that's where. If it all got started as a request, then you have a trap, a transaction of what was requested, because when you call somebody over the phone couldn't, you know, go sideways. 
And that's why we need to implement this qo, because that seems to be the biggest pain point. 
Right. 
And once we can get a grasp on that and also simultaneously build out the SOPs to support that system. Right. Because Kelsey mentioned multiple times that Jobber is like his ticket. And we're not trying to change anything. All we're trying to do is just make things more efficient. Right. We're not trying to sell you, like, services or. Or apps or none of that. No, no. We're just here just to make the daytoday operations efficient so the profit margins are higher. 
Okay, well, if I can help in any way, let me know when you speak with Alyssa. It might best if I was at least on the call so I can provide support in if, you know, it's not detailed enough or what. 
Awesome. Yeah, that'll be huge. I'll make sure. Once I schedule that out with Alyssa, I'll check with you first to see what times you're available. 
Pretty much available all the time. I could be available whenever. I just have standing meetings on Tuesday, usually at 10. 
Okay, sounds good. Then I will keep you updated. 
Okay, sounds good. 
Hey, I really appreciate this so much. It's been a great conversation. Look forward to meeting you eventually. And yeah, by all means, grill me away if there's anything that you were concerned about or hear about. You got my cell phone number. I answer all the sounds good. 
So, wait, that sounds like you think we're going to have something within a week, maybe two. 
No, we originally discussed by the end of the month because to be honest, we're still developing our systems. To be honest. 
Kelsey, what are we talking about? The interview or the delivery? 
Yeah. Thank you, Matthew. Claire, are you asking about the integration with QO or with the interviewing and stuff and start to build that out? 
Honestly, I'm curious what the next step is. When are we going to see something from after the interviews. 
So after the interviews, then we start working on just like, the documenting processes and then. Matthew. And what is our expected delivery for the QO integration? 
Yeah, so we're trying to make sure everything is in place and doesn't have, you know, issues and bugs by the end of January. 
Yeah, because we don't want to tap into plotter mechanics live phones until we've actually made sure. That it's working and we're still in testing phase right now. 
But you're saying it'll be live by end of January? 
Yeah, so we've already started testing things out, but we're really just getting started and if we can deliver it sooner. 
We will, but you know, we don't. 
Want to over promise anything, so. 
Yeah, no, I understand that. 
I just want to have a realistic time frame to gauge if, how this, how well this is actually working. Cool. Like I said, we have processes. Things are going. It's just Kelsey's expectations sometimes are not exactly manageable. 
Okay, well, I appreciate that. Go ahead. 
Would it help if we, because I'm thinking something we heard from someone we just talked with is we can kind of share progress as we go. 
That would be helpful. 
So would that help? 
Yeah. So like I send you our, like a progress report of some sort. 
Yeah, that would work. 
Yeah, we could definitely do that. Not a problem. We would love to be like we're honestly, we're trying to figure out more ways to be transparent. So that's a great start. And, and I hope Kelsey told you this, but you know, we started this thing nine weeks ago. Right. And we're still learning about our processes and our procedures and, and how do things roll? Because at the end of the day, you know, we're still trying to figure this out ourselves. 
But my plan, I appreciate that. I just honestly, like, I don't know exactly what time frame you think that this will start making. Like you said, four to six weeks for a return on investment. Like I just need to keep it on a short leash and actually make sure this is being done. Because we've already went through this. 
Yeah. 
With two, three different companies and at the end of the day we had no results. I know it's been a lot of money on it. 
Trust me. I would not even be worried willing to risk my relationship with that man if I didn't think we can deliver. And I, I, I know you don't. 
Know me and it's not even just about you being able to deliver. It's about everybody. Beings where everybody's actually doing what needs to be done because there's some there, like I said, there's processes. 
Right. 
And his is more like he wants more automation from like, I don't know. When I was talking to him on the phone before I called, you called, you know, he's, look, he wants this automated for his website and anytime you need to add a new product, it goes on all these platforms. And it doesn't even sound like that was in the wheelhouse of what were discussing right now. 
No, because listen, we got like, there's a long term. Were. Were wish lists. Those are wish list events. Right? But. And that's where, that's why we can't just say, yeah, Kelsey, we can build that for you. Let's get started on it. Because the systems itself aren't documented, right? The, the. Melissa is overwhelmed. Joe is a little unclear on exactly what he's supposed to do. You know what I mean? And we can't offer those types of systems or agents to be built because they're not going to function, they're not going to serve you purpose, they're not going to make you money. And at the end of the day, that's how we get paid, right? Because we only get paid if you make money or we don't get another contract to write to fulfill the purpose. 
And the purpose of all these interviews is to get a full picture of everything that's going on. Because there's. There's a million things to do in any small business. There's a million little things that you could plug in here and plug in there. But our, A big part of our job is to understand the big picture and then try and like, start with the thing that's going to help free up people's time. Like Kelsey and Alyssa's communication is one of the big things that we've identified is going to help free up their time because that will be kind of like a foundation that now that they have more time, okay, then they can do other things and like, you know, inventory management is a big problem. So we have that on our roadmap. Everything else, like we want. 
That's why also we want to prioritize by ROI and by our expected speed to implementation. 
Hold on, Matt, go ahead. 
So I don't think that there's nearly as many problems as Kelsey would lead you to believe there is. That's kind of my. Like, when you ask him, he'll be like, well, I don't know if this was done. And I'm like, well, why don't, you know if it was done? All you have to do is ask Alyssa. She's supposed to be doing it every, you know, every week. Inventory. Every week. She has an Excel spreadsheet that's. She's supposed to be checking to see how many are on the shelf and there should be a manual spreadsheet with the inventory. And he's like, well, I don't she probably does. I don't know. Like, it's a matter of. He just. And I told her, like, every week when you do it, let's send him a copy of it. 
So he knows it's been done, but he doesn't really want to be involved in checking it or knowing it's done. Like, he seems to think that there's, like, right now, I was like, okay, so what needs to work better? Like, is this happening? I think it is. I don't know. Like, I. She has this and that. And I'm like, okay, well, that's the reason why I put up a whiteboard so that when you walk into the office and she's not there, you can see what's on back order. The POs are hanging on the whiteboard. The RMAs are listed there. Like, I've tried to create processes for him, but because he doesn't really want to know the processes or understand the processes, he doesn't even know where to look. And I, I, I. We've trained him. He just, he's very. He gets overwhelmed. 
All he wants to deal with is the service. He doesn't want to manage his business. 
Yeah. If there was a way that, you know, if you can make him or, like, if we can do something that would make him want to do it. Do you have any idea? 
No, because he's made it very clear. He doesn't want to manage his business. He just wants. Needed. He just wants Alyssa to just do everything and know that it's getting done. And he. He doesn't even look at his profit and loss statement. He doesn't want to look at any of that. Trying to pin him down and get him to review the inventory, because at the end of the day, I set a set. A set number of. I want this many inks and of this, and this. And then I had Alyssa order it, and then he's like, well, I don't need that many of that. I hardly ever sell those. And I'm like, well, that's not what the sales report says. The sales report says you did this many this month, and that's why I want that many in stock. 
Because your biggest complaint is you don't have it in stock anytime you want to use it, because he wants to keep the lowest amount of quantities on the shelf. And it doesn't. It. What you. What you can do and what he wants done don't jive. Like. 
And I appreciate you telling me that. 
Because in any of it, and. 
I will listen and then it doesn't make like, if were making iterations that he's not going to use, then it doesn't make sense for us to continue making iterations. Right. So I will make sure that I have that interest at heart. And then when I am working with him, because I'm gonna have to be working with him quite closely a lot. And I'm gonna start following. I'll do a couple of follows with him when repairs. Because I also am a media guy. I'm a photographer and a videographer. And to help with his SOPs and social media and stuff at the same. 
Time, like you said, wish list and dreams. And he wants to have these videos and stuff like that, but he doesn't want a want to make them, which is fine. You could probably help with that. But he doesn't want to manage his social media. 
Yeah. 
And he doesn't want to interact with that. He just wants it done for him. 
And what I was getting at is I ultimately am gonna learn. Learn what Kelsey doesn't like and what Kelsey does like. And then I will also be like, okay, Kelsey, if we're gonna do this, we're gonna build this. How do you plan on using it? What don't you want to use? Like, I'm gonna make him answer those questions because I'm not gonna charge or I'm not gonna, like, do something if he's not gonna use it like that. Like, that looks bad on me. Right. And that's. At the end of the day, honestly. 
It really, I don't, it's not a you problem, I don't think, is what I'm saying. I think this all comes down to I, like, we've done things leaps and bounds better than what they were before because they didn't have a process before. Now they have a process, and everybody's doing things and things are getting done, which before invoices weren't going out, things weren't being ordered. Now they are. But at the end of the day, he's like, today he's like, I don't know if, you know, these pos were done and this was like, why don't you know? Because there's a process for this. 
Well, this has been very helpful. And I have felt like I, I. It definitely gives us a whole other insight that were unprivy to. And honestly, you know, it definitely is going to make sure that we, as. 
A consultant, you're going to snap your fingers, create some AI program, and all of this stuff is just going to be automated and he's going to know that it was okay. 
I, I, I have made sure to set his expectations right because at the end of the day that's what my job is. And I'm sorry if that came off the case because I made sure they made him very well aware that this is like, dude, like there's a lot of things that are wrong here. We can get there. Yes. But we have to start here. And that's why Nikki kind of came at it a little differently because I think she shares the same concerns you have. Right. And, and that's what we're all, honestly, we're just making sure that we're not doing something that doesn't make any sense. 
Okay, well, let's have another meeting. Well, first I would like to have a meeting with you and Kelsey. 
Okay. 
I love that meeting with you and Alyssa. 
Okay. 
To see get a copy of her procedures that she should already have in place for the things that we've already set up. 
Would it be nice to have a meeting with me, you and Kelsey in person? Would that be. 
You will have a hard time pinning him down unless you do it at 6 in the morning. And I'm not never get that early. 
Okay, so we'll do it on the phone then because I don't, I want to make this easy for you or I'll set up a Google Le meets, but I think this time of day will probably be the best for both you and Kelsey, it seems like to be able to do a Google Meets or something. 
Sure. Because we really need to sit down and come up with what's the first things are we going to do and you know, when do you want it done by and like just get a clear expectation of. Because like, you know, he was talking about the whole website thing right now and that doesn't even sound like even close where we're starting. 
No, definitely not. We've been very careful with how we approach what we're doing ultimately because that's our job is to make it very clear on our services that are being rendered. And so yeah, we will if we. 
Can just figure out like you know, a dozen things that will be worked on for the next 30 days so that at the end of the 30 days we can actually gauge and measure what's being done and then we're all on the same page because yep, like I said, there's already processes in place and yeah, it's relatively easy to, you know, maybe make them a little bit better. And the only thing Is. Is I don't know how to confirm whether or not they are being done to a T without reviewing every single thing that gets done. 
What I'm going to do tomorrow is I'm going to get Alyssa on the phone and see if I can track down those documents that you have. And then what I'm going to use, that's my baseline now. And then from the baseline, I'm going to take our interviews. Right. And reference them across the baseline. And then ultimately, we will have a gap analysis on where we currently sit between your documents and what is actually happening. 
Okay. 
I'm also thinking it might help if we. So were thinking to hook into the emails and start understanding what's going on between emails between the employees. So I think that might give us more insight with what. What's actually happening day to day. 
Right, sure. So that's relatively easy. 
Awesome. Well, then I will get coordinated. And I appreciate we spent a lot of time here. This is truly gold. So I thank you. And it. I will make sure that I work extra hard to prove that we are here for the right causes to earn your trust. Because at the end of the day, I. I'm trying to. I'm trying to earn that referral from you know, And. And I'm trying to make sure that, you know, people realize that we're doing things to help, not hurt. 
No, and I get that, and I appreciate that. I just need to get Kelsey's expectations on the same page as what's actually going to be delivered in 30 days. And again, getting him back to a point where he's gonna be doing the things that need to be done in a. In a systematic way to make this better, because it ultimately comes. He's the one who starts and finishes the request like everything's in his brain. Keystroke people at the end of the day and do exactly what we're told to do. And it. Most of it's coming down to miscommunication if something's not being done correctly. And unless I was back on the phone with them all day, every day for the next two weeks, I don't even know what mistakes are being made currently. 
Got it. Well, I will love to tackle that with you then, and let's identify all those mistakes, and then let's see what we need to do to make sure they don't happen again. 
Sounds good. 
Awesome. Hey, appreciate your time. Enjoy the rest of the evening. 
Yeah, let's set up a meeting with Kelsey and set up a meeting with Alyssa, and then we'll go from there. 
Yes, ma'. 
Am. 
Thank you again. 
Talk to you later. 
Great to meet you. Bye. 
Holy canoli, Batman. That dude. It always gets worse than we always think. Like, we think it's bad, and then in reality, it's even worse. 
Yeah, yeah, but she's already been working on the problem that we're been, we've been trying to work on for like, we've been working on it for what, four weeks, three weeks. But she says she worked on it for six or seven months. So we need to get everything that's in her brain. Like, we need to understand. Like, when she was talking. I almost want to let her keep going, but, I mean, I also need to get up. 
No, I know. I, I, I, I, I appreciate you staying on because you definitely rescued me a couple times, so. Yeah. Well, I have 37 minutes, 38 minutes transcribed here of all that, so that'll definitely help get us a good bit in. And then I'm gonna reach out to Alyssa because I need to get a hold of them documents. Why have we not seen or heard or anything about them? That's beyond me. 
I know. I wonder. Yeah, I wonder if it's. Some people may be avoiding accountability, like healthy or, and, or Alyssa just being like, look, we don't have any process. Like, I don't know. 
It's going to be an interesting conversation, though, that's for sure. So. 
Yeah, let me know if you think. 
If you think it'll be helpful for me to join any of the interviews. 
No, I think I'm. Dude, listen, I'm going to have one at 11 tomorrow with Nikki if you want to sit in. I told Mikhail it's 11, so that's one for him. So he's going to jump in on that. By all means. 
Yeah, I can be there. Okay. 
Yeah. Because at the end of the day, three minds are better than one, right? 
Yeah. Yeah, I got time that time. We're good. 
All right, brother, I gotta go to the gym now. I'll talk to you later. 
Okay, Talk to you later. Bye. 
